What architectural feature does the school have?
What is the name of the magazine that Notre Dame students run?
What is the main headquarters of the Congregation?
When was the College of Engineering established?
What program guides freshmen in their first year at Notre Dame?
What did the University of Chicago offer in 1854-1855?
What is the name of the institute at Notre Dame?
What is the main building of Notre Dame's library?
How many students did Notre Dame admit to its fall 2015 class?
In what year did U.S News & World Report rank 18th among national universities in the US?
Who was the father of Joseph Carrier?
What began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936?
What year was the research in germ-free life started?
What was the name of Gurian's journal?
What type of institutes does Notre Dame have?
How many students were in 2014?
How many undergraduates live on campus?
What percentage of Notre Dame students identify as Christian?
What caused the closure of the university in April 1879?
What university did Father James Burns become president of in 1919?
What percentage of the NCAA Division I/FBS football history does Knute Rockna have?
What college football team made it a household name?
What office did Father John Francis O'Hara hold in 1933?
What is the name of the president of Notre Dame?
Who served as president for 35 years?
What did Notre Dame and Saint Mary's develop in the 1960’?
What has the average SAT score gone up to 1360?
What is John I. Jenkins's title?
What is located on the spot of Fr. Sorin's original church?
What is the common name of LaFortune Center?
How many residence halls are there at Notre Dame?
What is a sustainability leader an integral part of Notre's mission?
Where has the University of London been located since 1968?
What was the first college at Notre Dame?
When was the College of Science established at the University?
When was the school of architecture established?
How many volumes does the University of California, San Diego library hold?
Who was forced to flee Europe by Hitler?
What is the name of the Catholic research university located in Indiana?
What national championships does Notre Dame' football team have?
What is the ranking of Notre Dame among the top twenty universities in the US?
What congregation did Father Edward Sorin belong to?
What did the university expand to accommodate more students and faculty?
What television station was formed in 2002?
What was the first phase of Eddy Street Commons?
What are the Notre Dame teams known as?
What conference did the Fighting Irish leave for?
What two companies agreed to provide uniforms and equipment for Notre Dame?
What long history has Notre Dame football had?
Who is George Gipp's coach?
What band will play the Notre Dame Victory March?
How many wins does Notre Dame have?
What is the fight song for Notre Dame?
What movie did Sean Astin play Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger?
What type of alumni are state governors?
What is the name of Beyonce's mother?
What album did Beyonce release after Destination's Child?
Who is considered to be one of the best entertainers in contemporary popular music?
What is the name of Beyonce's sister?
Beyonce's interest in music and performing continued after winning a talent show at age seven?
Who met LaTavia Roberson at age eight?
What did the group change their name to in 1996?
Beyonce suffered from what kind of depression?
What was the name of the single released by the remaining members?
Beyonce released what single from her soundtrack album?
What was the name of Beyonce's first solo album?
What was the name of Beyonce's anthem?
What was B'Day released on?
What was the name of Beyonce's first acting role?
What did Beyonce reveal about Jay Z?
Which 2008 film did Beyonce starred as Etta James?
What was the number of nominations at this year' mno?
What did Beyonce do in 2010?
What did WikiLeaks reveal about Beyonce in 2011?
Beyonce's fourth album debuted at number one on the US charts in 2011
What was the name of Beyonce's first child?
What was Life Is But a Dream?
What was the name of Beyonce's tour?
What album did Beyonce release on the iTunes Store without any prior announcement or promotion?
How many Grammy Awards did Beyonce win?
Beyonce released what single on Tidal?
Who did Beyonce first start a relationship with?
What event did Beyonce perform at in August of 2011?
What did Beyonce give birth to on January 7, 2012?
Who are friends with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle?
Beyonce was asked if she considers herself feminist?
What did the ONE Campaign collect signatures for in 2015?
Beyonce and Jay-Z met with Freddie Gray's family after his death?
What was the net worth of Beyonce from 2007 to 2008?
What is one of the most compelling instruments in popular music?
Beyonce's music is generally R&B, but she also incorporate pop and soul into her songs?
What has been the name of a song that Beyonce co-produced with Destination's Child?
Who is the first African-American woman to win a Pop Songwriter of The Year award?
What did Beyonce say if it wasn't for Michael Jackson?
What album was inspired by the role in Dreamgirls?
Who is Beyonce inspired by?
What was the name of Beyonce's tour band in 2006?
What has Beyonce received for her stage presence and voice during live performances?
Beyonce says she created what ego to keep stage persona separate from who?
What has been described as having a wide-ranging sexual appeal?
What was her debut appearance on the runway in 2010?
What does Roberto Cavalli say about Beyonce's music?
What is the name given to Beyonce's fan base?
What was the first time Beyonce appeared on the cover of L'Officiel?
What color and costuming has drawn criticism from some in the African-American community?
What was the Guardian's decision to name Beyonce as an artist of the decade?
What has influenced many artists?
What is Beyonce's debut single?
Who is one of the best-selling music artists?
How many Grammy Awards has Beyonce won as a solo artist?
What was the deal that Beyonce signed to endorse Pepsi?
What fragrance did Beyonce launch in 2010?
What did Beyonce do to cancel the release of Starpower:BeYonce?
Who did Beyonce and Parkwood Entertainment partner in 2014?
What did it become known that Beyonce was a co-owner of Tidal?
What is the name of Beyonce's clothing line?
Beyonce Fashion Diva is what?
What did Beyonce sign to launch an activewear line of clothing with?
Who founded the Survivor Foundation?
Who opened the Beyonce Cosmetology Center?
Beyonce is an ambassador for the 2012 World Humanitarian Day campaign.
What is the name of Montana?
What was the state tree chosen by Montana schoolchildren?
Who composed the state song?
What was the motto of Montana?
What are the five micropolitan Statistical Areas in Montana?
How many places are there in Montana?
What was the name of the territory added to a bill?
What is the largest state in the US?
What divides the topography of Montana?
What is the Rocky Mountain Front?
What is the largest continuous land mass in the continental United States?
What party controls the state Senate?
What presidential candidate did Montana support in 1992?
What is the busiest airport in Montana?
What is the largest railroad in Montana?
What is the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation?
What is popular for both residents and tourists in Montana?
What was the first formal school in Montana?
What is the name of the watersheds in Montana?
What direction does the Missouri River flow through Montana?
How much of Montana does the Yellowstone River drain?
What is the largest reservoir in Montana?
How much land does Montana have?
What is the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states?
What causes rain shadows to the east?
What is the rate of personal income tax in Montana?
How many Indian reservations were created in Montana?
What is the largest European-American population in Montana?
How did the Montana population grow between 1980 and 1990?
What area of Montana has receded?
What did the Hellgate treaty establish?
What was the name of the first military post in Montana?
What percentage of Montana's population speaks English at home?
What are German, Irish and English in Montana?
What was the population of Montana in 2010?
When was Jeannette Rankin elected to Congress?
What was the primary protein source that Native people had survived on for centuries destroyed?
What railroad reached Montana from the west in 1881?
What failed attempt to gain statehood was made by the people of Montana in 1866?
What was the first claim under the Homestead Act of 1862?
What act allowed settlement of arid land in the west?
What were the first people to arrive in Montana?
What year did the Espionage Act of 1917 pass?
How many Montanans enlisted in the military before World War II?
Who found that Genocide had been committed?
What did the ECHR review in its judgement?
What did Lemkin campaign for?
What was the first provision of the Convention that included political killings?
What was the majority opinion in Jorgic v. Germany?
What was Lemming's definition of genocide?
What has been focused towards the legal aspect of genocide?
What word was not used before 1944?
What is the necessary and important starting point of an inquiry?
What will always be limited by the opportunity presented to him?
When did the Convention come into force?
What did Kurt Jonasson and Karin Björnon say in 1998?
Why have there been no single definitions of genocide?
Who has criticized the inclusion of social and political groups as targets?
What does Barbara Harf and Ted Gurr define as genocide?
What is the three different meanings of genocide?
What is a crime committed by state and non-state actors?
Who is required to prevent and punish acts of genocide?
What defined and forbade genocide?
What did the European Court of Human Rights do when dismissing Nikola Jorgi's appeal against his conviction for genocide?
How many people have been indicted for genocide or complicity?
What was Slobodan Miloevi?
When was the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda created?
What has been a debate over categorizing the situation in Darfur as genocide?
What did the Security Council refer to in 2005?
What have other authors focused on?
What is a common phenomenon?
What may depend on the bacterial growth phase?
What is being introduced into clinical use in the late 2000s and early 2010?
What are the modifications of natural compounds called?
What revolutionized medicine in the 20th century?
What is the process of identifying microorganisms in a patient?
What has been the case with antibiotics?
What is STAT?
What do the majority of studies suggest antibiotics interfere with?
What can occur when alcohol and antibiotics interact?
What causes acquired resistance?
What are superbugs now called?
What has the overuse of antibiotics contributed to?
What is one common form of antibiotic misuse?
What is the name of a US task force that addresses antibiotic misuse and overuse?
What has prompted restrictions on their use in the UK?
What country raised the issue of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains in 1977?
What ancient cultures used mold and plant materials to treat infections?
What did Alexander Fleming observe in a Petri dish?
What was the first commercially available antibacterial?
What was the name of the first antibiotic discovered?
When was the first penicillin purified?
What is the name of a vaccine that excites or reinforces an immune competence?
What is another option being looked into for treating resistant strains of bacteria?
How many new antibiotics were approved in the US?
What is the Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment Act?
Who was the father of Frédéric Chopin?
What was the profession of Chopin?
What was the main instrument of Chopin's composition?
What is the name of the German composer who composed most his works?
Where was Frédéric born?
Who was baptized on Easter Sunday, 23 April 1810?
Who lived with his family in the Palace grounds?
What was the name of Frédéric's first composition?
What was the name of Warsaw's palace in 1817?
Who engaged Chopin to create an organ?
Where did Chopin spend his vacations?
What was the name of a portrait that was executed in 1829?
Who was the young artistic and intellectual world of Warsaw?
Who was Prince Antoni Radziwic?
When did Chopin make his debut in Vienna?
What did Chopin do in 1830?
What did Chopin decide to do when he arrived in Paris?
Who did Chopin meet in Paris?
What did two Polish friends play in Chopin's life?
When did Chopin give a debut concert in Paris?
What did Chopin rarely perform publicly in Paris?
Where did Chopin meet Clara Wieck?
When did Liszt first meet Chopin?
How many times did the two play together?
What did some commentators believe led to a rift between Liszt and Chopin?
Who was George Sand's birth name?
Who did Sand meet in 1838?
When did Chopin's Pleyel piano arrive in Majorca?
Where did Sand and his family move to in 1842?
Who was present at the rehearsal of Berlioz's Grande aristocracie funèbre?
What did Delacroix write to the Chopin family?
What did Chopin show signs of in 1842?
Who was the son of Sand's father?
What was the name of the three mazurkas that were completed in 1845?
Who was the last person to see Chopin perform in Paris?
What BBC documentary was based on Chopin's life?
What was the best actor in A Song to Remember?
What was the first fictional treatment of Chopin's life?
What is the name of the poem that describes Chopin's life?
What is the occasion when Chopin's works are released?
What was the earliest recording of Chopin's works?
What is the name of the world's oldest monographic music competition?
What was used in the 1909 ballet Chopiniana?
What was the name of the tour he went on during the Revolution?
What was Chopin sought after for?
What did Chopin write in late October 1848?
When did Chopin last appear on stage?
What was the condition in which he returned to Paris?
What did Chopin find with him after his health deteriorated?
Where did Chopin's heart rest after death?
What was Chopin's death certificate stating?
Where was the funeral delayed for two weeks?
Who sang Mozart's Requiem at the funeral?
How much did Jane Stirling cover for the return of Chopin's sister?
What instrument did Chopin use?
Who did Chopin cite as the two most important composers?
What genre did John Field invent?
What was different about Chopin's mazurka?
What did Chopin never do with his Funeral March?
What did Chopin wish to destroy all his unpublished manuscripts?
What has been the case with works published since 1857?
What works of Chopin appeared in popular 19th century piano antheologies?
What is the name of Chopin's improvisation?
What works of music do J. Barrie Jones suggest stand out among the works Chopin intended for concert use?
What are Chopin's waltze?
What shows a marked advance on those of his Polish predecessors?
What number of nocturnes are more structured than Field?
What did Chopin use études to teach?
What is the Well-Tempered Clavier?
How many movements are in the Op. 35 sonata?
What may have arisen partly from his keyboard improvisation technique?
Who wrote that Chopin was the creator of a school and'school of composition?
Who was the only worthy successor to Chopin?
What does Jonathan Bellman say about Chopin's performance style?
What type of rubato is appropriate for Chopin's works?
Who was Friederike Müller?
What two works of music have been credited with introducing a new senses nationalism?
What is considered a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer?
What two musical forms did Chopin use to rouse nationalistic sentiments among the Pole people?
Who was Chopin's closest friend?
How many of Chopin's Polish songs did Lizt transcribe for piano?
Who were the two long-standing pupils of Chopin?
Who claims that the Ming dynasty had unquestioned sovereignty over Tibet?
What dynasty had an important shortage of horses for warfare?
What was the role of the Mongols in protecting the Gelug Dalai Lam?
What was Tibet's major rival to the Tang?
How many documents survive from the Song dynasty?
Who subjugated the Western Xia in 1207?
Who raided Lhasa?
Who was the Khagan prince?
Who did not conquer the Song dynasty in South China until 1279?
When was the Sakya viceregal regime overthrown?
What was the Red Turban Rebellion?
Who did Rolpe Dorje invite to visit Tibet?
What is the only evidence of Chinese studying Tibetan Buddhism?
Who established the "É-LS" Army-Civilian Marshal Office?
How many Princes of Dharma did the Ming court appointed?
What is the main question that Turrell V. Wylie and Li Tieh-tseng raise about Sino-Tibetian relations?
What do historians disagree on about the Ming court and Tibet?
What did Wang and Nyima argue about the Ming emperor sending to Tibet?
What dynasty did Thomas Laird paint as a characteristic Chinese era?
What was the name of the Mongol dynasty?
What was the status of the Mongols and other ethnicities?
Who administered Tibet?
Who did the Ming court confer new positions to?
What country did John Powers study?
Who was the official who administered the Western Regions?
What title was granted to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen?
What is Lok-Ham Chan's opinion on Changchub Gyaltson?
Who did the Ming officer of Hezhou suggest that he offer an official title to?
Who was the hegemony over Tibet?
Who did Je Tsongkhapa invite to the Ming court?
Who claimed ill health in his refusal to appear at the Ming court?
Who says that modern Chinese Communist historians tend to be in favor of the view that Ming simply reappointed old Yuan Dynastie officials and perpetuated their rule?
What did Laird write about the alliances with eastern Tibetan principalities?
Who did Shih-Shan Henry Tsai write that came to Tibet in 1413?
What was the Mingshi or Lu about the Gelug?
What distorts the true picture of Sino-Tibetian relations?
Who exercised no authority over the succession of Tibetan ruling families?
Who was Deshin Shekpa?
Who was sent to Tibet by the Yongle Emperor?
Who was induced to visit Nanjing by the MING court?
Who was Deshin Shekpa?
Who persuaded the Yongle Emperor to not impose his military might on Tibet?
What did Marsha Weidner say was a tool for the emperor's succession to power?
Who did a monk meet with?
What did the Information Office of State Council of PRC preserve?
What did the Ming court do in 1446?
What was the "tribute-related trade"?
What did Van Praag say was done to secure urgently needed horses?
What did the Ming dynasty do to outlaw border markets in Tibet?
When did the Hongwu Emperor use military force to quell unrest in Tibet?
When did discussions of strategy focus primarily on recovery?
What policy did Luciano Petech and Sata Hisashi argue?
What does the Association for Asian Studies say about Gendün Drup?
What did the Zhengde Emperor want to host at Beijing?
What is Elliot Sperling's specialty?
What is Josef Kolma?
What regime was installed by the Mongols?
What does the CCP say about Tibet?
Who was in favor of expanding and building new commercial ties with foreign countries?
What establishment was favored by the court after Zhengde died?
Who was the late Tumed Mongols?
Who was forced to convert by Altan Khan?
Who was Altan Khan's great-grandson?
Who was granted the grandiose title by Altan Khan?
Who was given the title Dorjichang?
Who was granted the title "Master of Vajradhara"?
What did the Ming court's lack of concern for Tibet be one reason?
Who overthrew the Rinbung princes?
Who did the fifth Dalai Lame ask for help from?
Who gave the Dalai Lam enthroned status?
What dynasty was destroyed by the Manchu invasion?
What was established in Tibet during the reign of Qianlong?
What happened to the iPod on July 15, 2015?
What is another way that iPods can serve as?
What can be used to transfer music, photos and videos?
What was the name of the media player on iPhone and iPad before iOS 5?
What colors does the sixth generation iPod Touch come in?
When was the iPod released?
What did Apple do with the software for iPod?
What was the name of the iPod that Apple presented in 2006?
What did Apple do in 2007?
Who proposed the name iPod?
What was the name of the latest version of iTunes?
What was the bass response of the third generation iPods?
What did iPods release in 2006 and earlier have that caused them to do?
What is the maximum volume limit in EU markets?
What was included with the first generation of a pc?
What connector did the iPods begin using?
What allows the iPod to connect to accessories?
What is the name of Apple's new 8-pin dock connector?
What are some iPod accessories that add extra features that other music players have?
What is the name of BMW's first interface for iPod drivers?
What does JVC, Pioneer and others have?
What is the name of the service that iPod seat connections will allow?
What does the iPod line support?
What does iTunes do when an iPod connects to its host computer?
What type of graphics and text do iPods have?
What is the name of the store that Apple launched in 2003?
What did EMI do with iTunes?
What are two examples of music stores that can't be played on an iPod?
What did Universal decide not to renew their contract with the iTunes Store?
What did Apple debut on September 5, 2007?
What was the name of the game that was included in the original iPod?
What did the iTunes Store begin to offer in September 2006?
What is a step towards entering the video game handheld console market?
What are the games in a form of?
What is the most common way to transfer media files on an iPod?
What version of iTunes can transfer purchased media to a computer?
What is a hidden folder for?
What did Apple face in 2005?
What was rejected by the USPTO in August 2005?
What did Creative agree to pay for a paid-up patent?
What has the iPod line done since October 2004?
What was the reason Apple imposed on HP in July 2005?
How many iPods did Apple sell in 2007?
What was the quarterly revenue of apple in 2007?
What was the highest quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history?
What percentage of revenue came from iPods in fiscal quarter 4?
What awards have iPods won?
What types of organizations use the iPod as a business device?
What company has a website that lists educational uses for iPods?
What has been credited with accelerating shifts within the music industry?
What is the advertised battery life on most iPods?
What is the name of a kit that can be used to replace iPod batteries?
When did Apple announce the iPod battery replacement program?
What is a health and safety risk for iPods?
What iPod line had an average failure rate of 13.7%?
What did the independent auditors find was not consistent with Apple' a code of conduct?
What did an audit of Foxconn find?
In 2010, what happened at a Foxconn operations in China?
How many workers produced the iPod in 2006?
What is the default file system used on an iPod?
What is the title of The Legend Of Zelda series?
Where does the story take place?
What was the name of the Wii version of Twilight Princess?
What controls does the game use in Ocarina of Time?
What does the context-sensitive button mechanic allow?
What console does the Wii version of Link have?
How many large areas does the game have?
What is the name of Link's form in Twilight Realm?
What is more advanced than that of The Wind Waker?
What character has the most voice acting?
What happens to a youth who is working as an ordon village ranch hand?
What does Link help Midna find?
What is the only known gateway between Twilight and Hyrule?
Midna teleports Link and Zeldi outside the castle to hold off Ganondorf with Fused Shadow.
What graphical style was the same as that of The Wind Waker 2?
What year was The Wind Waker due to be released?
What was the name of A Link to The Past?
What did Aonuma think he would need to complete Twilight Princess first?
What was the purpose of transferring GameCube development to the Wii?
What was the name of a prototype that used swiping gesture to control the sword from first-person viewpoint?
What did Nintendo do to make the Wii more intuitive?
Who composed the game's score?
What did Kondo originally envisioned for the soundtrack?
What was developed after the discovery of a buffer overflow vulnerability in Twilight Princess?
What company is developing the remaster of Twilight Princess?
What special item is included in the bundles of Zelda?
What was available as a GameStop preorder bonus in the United States?
What was the rating of 1UP.com for Twilight Princess?
What Zelda game was praised by many critics on release?
What award did IGN give to Twilight Princess?
How many Wii purchases did Twilight Princess receive during its first week?
What year did the game Twilight Princess first appear in Japan?
What is the name of the James Bond film produced by Eon Productions?
What characters do the Bonds return to in the film?
When was Spectre released in the UK?
What happens to Garreth Mallory after he is promoted from M?
What happens to Spectre leader Franz Oberhauser?
What does Bond do to find White?
What does Bond reveal about Spectre?
What does Swann tell Bond about espionage?
Who was the subject of litigation between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory over Thunderball's film rights?
What was the name of the organisation that was re-imagined as?
What did Sony Pictures Entertainment receive in November 2014?
What source material does Spectre draw on?
What can be found throughout Bond's film?
What was the name of the main cast revealed at the 007 Stage in December 2014?
Who did Waltz refuse to comment on the nature of his role?
How many extras were hired for the pre-title sequence?
Who directed Skyfall and Spectre?
When did the film begin shooting?
Where did filming begin in Austria?
What country did the filming temporarily return to?
What did production move to in March?
What was the name of Craig's flight to New York?
When did the crew return to London for a final time?
When did Spectre begin filming in Morocco?
What was the story of Skyfall altered to accommodate Mexican authorities?
When was the soundtrack for Spectre released?
Who wrote the title theme for "Writing's on The Wall"?
What was the name of the song released as?
What was the name of the car Aston Martin and Eon designed for Spectre?
What did Skyfall do to promote the film?
What did David Walliams and Sir Roger Moore appear in for Comic Relief?
What was the name of Spectre's world premiere in London?
What was the total amount of money Spectre took in 2016?
How much did the film grosse in the UK on Monday?
What was the opening amount of Spectre in France?
When did the film open in the US and Canada?
In what country did IMAX's opening day occur?
What kind of reviews has Spectre received?
Before its UK release, what was the general opinion of Spectre?
What rating did Matt Zoller Seitz give the film?
What did Christopher Orr say about the film?
What did the CBFC do?
When will Spectre's sequel begin production?
What was the number of people killed in the 2008 earthquake?
What was the location of the epicenter?
How many people were confirmed dead?
What was the magnitude of the earthquake?
What fault did the CEA study find?
What did Geng Qingguo claim was sent to the State Seismological Bureau?
What caused the surface to be displaced?
What was the duration of the earthquake?
How many major aftershock were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake?
What earthquake was not part of this series?
What is the maximum intensity of an earthquake?
How many imbricate structures were in the Longmen Shan Fault System?
What hotel in Shanghai evacuates its guests?
What did reporters see in Chengdu?
What highways were damaged in the collapse of Beichuan?
What did the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock exchange do?
What was the immediate aftermath of the earthquake?
What percentage of the wireless communications were lost in Sichuan?
How many British tourists visited the Wolong Panda Reserve?
What was the name of Zipingpu Hydropower Plant?
How many deaths did the quake cause?
How many survivors were there from Yingxiu?
What is the main problem with health care in Sichuan?
What causes school casualties?
What was not released until May 7, 2009?
How many people were without housing after the earthquake?
What university did Reginald DesRoches teach at?
What was the name of a team sent to the region after the earthquake?
Where did the earthquake occur?
What is the cost of the earthquake in China?
What happened months after the main quake?
How many homes were under reconstruction?
How many emergency medical teams were sent to Wenchuan County?
When did the plan reach Level II?
How many people are on an earthquake emergency relief team?
Who was the article about?
What was the name of the day celebrated by parents on June 1, 2008?
How much money have central state-owned enterprises donated?
How much money has China received in donations?
What did the State Council establish in 2008?
What did the article in Science suggest could have triggered the earthquake?
What geomagnetic observatory did researchers use to model future earthquake predictions?
Who was the deputy director of CEA's Seismic Monitoring Network Center?
What type of earthquake could occur in Sichuan region?
What was the worst earthquake to strike Sichuan in 30 years?
How many men were in the rescue effort?
What badly affected rescue efforts?
How many aircraft did the People's Liberation Army deploy in relief operations?
When did the quake strike?
How many tons of relief supplies did China Airlines send to the affected areas?
What did the US share with Chinese authorities?
What did a student do online to help rescue helicopters land in the epicenter area?
What was the first anniversary of the quake?
What did people from all over mainland China do after the earthquake?
How many tents did the Red Cross Society of China fly to Wenchuan County?
What caused many families to lose their only child during the earthquake?
What was the name of the special program that happened on May 18?
What was China's openness during?
What caused the formation of earthquake lakes?
Where was the most precarious quake-lake located?
What was the period of mourning for the quake victims declared?
What will be suspended for the duration of mourning period?
What did many websites do?
When did Ye Zhiping oversee a major overhaul of his school?
Who has joined an official inquiry into collapsed schools?
What government officials are investigating the collapses?
What was Liu Shaokun's job?
What did The Standard report in 2010?
What did China do to respond to the earthquake?
How much money did the Ministry of Civil Affairs say was donated by Chinese public?
What did Francis Marcus say about the Chinese rescue effort?
What did some stations in Hong Kong and expatriate communities do?
What did the Chinese government see in its response to the quake?
What did parents of children who were lost in collapsed schools demand an investigation?
What media has largely ignored the issue?
What is the common name for shodily constructed buildings?
What are the families who lost their only child still seeking compensation and justice to what had happened?
What is the most populous city in the US?
What was the name of New York City in 1898?
When was New York founded?
How many tourists visited New York in 2014?
What did the Wisconsinan glaciation do to New York City?
What was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes?
What was the name of the area that Giovanni da Verrazzano visited in 1524?
Who charted the mouth of Hudson River?
Who discovered the area in 1609?
What country was Juan Rodriguez born in?
Where was the colony of New Amsterdam located?
Who surrendered New Amsterdam to the English?
When did the Dutch take over New York?
By 1700, how many people lived in the Lenape?
Where did the slave trade begin?
What trial helped to establish the freedom of press in North America?
What was the name of Brooklyn after the Battle?
What caused the Great Fire of New York?
What was New York's capital in 1785?
What did the gradual abolition act of 1799 cause?
What plan expanded the city street grid to encompass all of Manhattan?
Who lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840'?
How much of the population was Irish by 1860?
Who was elected to office in 1863?
What was the name of the city formed in 1898?
What was the worst industrial disaster in New York City?
What was the name of New York City in the early 20th century?
What was the name of New York's metro area in 1930?
What did the return of World War II create?
What was the Stonewall riots?
What did New York City's crime rate rise in the 1970?
How many people were killed in the attacks?
When did the Occupy Wall Street protests begin?
What did the National Review say about Trump?
Where is New York City located?
What separates New York from the state of new jersey?
What has the city's land been altered by?
What is the city's total area?
What is the name of the house in Brooklyn?
What is the tallest building in the world?
What was the requirement for new buildings?
What is the character of large residential districts in New York?
What materials were used in the aftermath of the Great Fire?
What did the US Geological Survey report in July 2014?
What would be the most populous city in the US?
What is the USDA's classification of New York City?
What is the area's coldest month?
What was the average snowfall in New York between 1981 and 2010?
What is the park system in New York?
What was the best park system in 2013?
What is the name of the wildlife refuge in Brooklyn?
What are managed by the National Park Service?
How many state parks are within the confines of New York City?
What is the largest municipal park in New York City?
What is the only active duty installation within New York City?
What does New York incorporate more immigrants into it than outmigration?
What is the density of Manhattan's population?
What was the city's population in 2010?
How many immigrants were received at Ellis Island between 1892 and 1924?
How much of the city's population is foreign born?
What is the population of Queens?
How many non-Hispanic white people live in New York City?
What is the population of 20 million people in New York City?
What was the number of Puerto Ricans who migrated to New York City in 2013?
What was legalized in New York on June 24, 2011?
What is the most prevalent religion in New York City as of 2014?
What is the Gini Coefficient for New York City?
What is the major business in New York?
What magazine named New York City the American Cities of The Future?
What was the 2015 fiscal year assessed at?
What is the estimated annual wages of New York's fashion industry?
What percentage of employment does the garment industry in Brooklyn have?
What is New York City's leading specialty-food export?
What is the largest economic sector of New York City?
What are the world's largest and second biggest stock exchange?
What are also based in Manhattan?
What is Silicon Alley a metonym for?
What is the growth of in New York City?
What was the economic impact of New York City's tourism industry in 2014?
What is the name of a New York City trademark?
What is the name of a major tourist attraction in New York?
What was the estimated number of hotel rooms at the end 2014?
What city was the second largest center for filmmaking and television production in the US?
What is Time Warner?
How many people work in the New York publishing industry?
What is the role of the television industry in New York's economy?
What is the Manhattan Neighborhood Network?
What is the largest public school system in the US?
What does the New York City Charter School Center do?
How many Manhattan residents were college graduates in 2005?
What is the largest collection of any public library system in the US?
What is the name of New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation?
What is the oldest hospital in New York City?
How many officers does the NYPD have?
What was the overall crime rate in 2012?
What has declined in the 21st century?
What is the name of New York City's fire department?
What are some of the fires in New York City?
Where is the FDNY headquarters?
What was the birthplace of hip hop in New York City?
What is the birthplace of many cultural movements?
What is the larger annual budget than the National Endowment for The Arts?
What are 40 percent of the city's theater units known as?
What is influenced by the city's immigrant history?
What five professional leagues does New York have?
How many baseball games have New York teams won?
What league is New York represented in?
What sports team is the New York Islanders?
What was the National Invitation Tournament held in 1938?
What is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments in the world?
What was renamed Stickball Boulevard in the late 2000s?
What is the name of New York's subway system?
How many people commuted to work in 2005?
What is the busiest bus station in the world?
How many people used John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2012?
What is the busiest ferry route in the world?
What is the longest suspension bridge in Americas?
What is the busiest vehicular tunnel in New York?
What percentage of all modes for trips in New York City are made up of?
What watershed supplies New York City with drinking?
How long are the terms of office for mayor and council members?
What party holds the majority of public office in New York City?
How many Nobel laureates have roots in New York City?
How many admissions do HHC facilities provide to New Yorkers each year?
What do some blame the NYPD for its use of CompStat?
What has New York City been referred to as?
What is the name of Lincoln Square?
What is the name of the Museum Mile?
What is the name of a regional speech pattern in New York?
What is the traditional New York accent?
What is the name of the former professional soccer team in New York City?
How many rail riders live in the New York City Metropolitan Area?
What is the largest in North America?
What does the Staten Island Railway operate?
What type of projects are under construction in New York City?
How many yellow taxicabs are there in New York City?
What is a defining feature of New York?
What type of highways connect the borough' to each other?
What are coterminous with islands of the same names?
What is the name of a cantilever architecture?
What is the highest in the US?
What is the Hearst Tower among other green office buildings?
What is Newtown Creek?
What is the government of new york city?
What is the judicial district of New York's state Unified Court System?
What is the name of the US district court in New York?
What is the most important ZIP code for political fundraising in the US?
What was the name of New York City Global Partners?
To Kill a Mockingbird was published in 1960
What is the primary theme of To Kill a Mockingbird?
What is the British librarians' ranking of To Kill a Mockingbird?
What year did Lee refuse publicity for her novel?
Who attended Huntingdon College in Montgomery?
What was the title of the first draft that was sent to Lippincott?
Who did Lee lose?
What was the name of Lee's 1960 novel?
When did the Great Depression occur?
Who is Tom Robinson's lawyer?
Who is Tom Robinson's friend?
Who does Atticus accuse of ruining Tom Robinson's credibility?
What did the sheriff say about Bob Ewell?
What is the name of Lee's book?
Who was Truman Capote's childhood friend?
What is the origin of Tom Robinson less clear?
What is Lee's style and use of humor in?
What is a church pageant?
What is the name of the novel that Lee referred to as "Gothic"?
What is Scout's role in To Kill a Mockingbird?
What was the name of the novel that was primarily concerned with race relations?
What did Patrick Chura suggest Emmett Till was a model for?
What theme is portrayed in the novel?
Who valued individual worth over social standing?
Who argued that Lee's approach to class and race was more complex than ascribing racial prejudice to poor white trash?
What is the poignant theme of The Boy Who Learned Courage?
Who does Atticus tell Scout that he never really understands?
Who is the main character in the novel?
What is another theme of the novel?
What is portrayed in To Kill A Mockingbird?
What is the main theme of the novel?
What did Lee's editors think the book might not sell well?
How many languages has the novel been translated into?
Who did Mary McDonagh Murphy interview?
Who is a paragon of honor?
What Alabama editorial called for the death of Atticus?
What has led people to challenge the appropriateness of To Kill a Mockingbird?
What was the first incident in which the book was challenged?
What did Andrew Young use to portray the reality of the times in which the novel was set?
What has been construed to suggest that Truman Capot was the author of the first novel?
What did Harper Lee do to get the attention of the public after her book was published?
In what year was Lee inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor?
What did the Notre Dame students and audience give Lee during her honorary doctorate?
What film did Gregory Peck star in?
Who did Peck meet before the filming of Atticus?
What book did Lee read in 2005?
Where did the novel first run?
Where did Sergel's play tour in the UK?
What was released on July 14, 2015?
Who is the protagonist of To Kill a Mockingbird?
Who noted Lee's talent for narration?
What did Harper Lee write in response to the passionate reaction her book caused?
What was the first part of the novel that drew mixed reviews?
What does Christopher Metress call Boo Radley?
What book takes on elements of a classical tragedy?
What age group did the Atlantic Monthly reviewer describe Scout Finch as?
What did some reviewers lament about the book?
What was the 50th anniversary of Lee's release?
Who was Allen Barra?
What is the main theme of Scout's novel?
What does Diane McWhorter say to To Kill a Mockingbird condemns racism instead of racist?
Who refused to attend any performances of her novel?
What is the term for solar energy?
What percentage of solar radiation is reflected back to space?
What causes atmospheric circulation?
What is the total amount of energy that is absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, ocean and land masses?
What is the difference between solar technologies and active ones?
What are active solar technologies generally considered?
Who built a small demonstration solar engine?
Who built the world's first solar thermal power station?
What do solar hot water systems use to heat?
What country has installed 70 GWth of solar hot water systems asof 2006?
What can be used to offset a portion of the energy used in commercial buildings?
What is the term for a material that can be used to store heat?
What causes an updraft that pulls air through the building?
What percentage of solar radiation do deciduous trees and plants shade?
What do solar cookers use for?
What can provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications?
What can be used to make saline or brackish water potable?
What is the term for exposing plastic PET bottles to sunlight?
What is a water stabilisation pond that uses solar energy?
What two sources of power contribute 16 and 11 percent to the global electricity consumption?
What is the largest solar power plant in the world?
What is also known as solar PV?
What uses lenses or mirrors to focus a large area of sunlight into small beam?
What is the common feature of passive solar architecture?
What are areas with higher temperatures than the surrounding environment called?
What do horticulture and agriculture seek to optimize the capture of solar energy?
When were primitive greenhouses first used?
What is the name of the solar-powered car race?
What is the main reason that solar boats are being used extensively?
What was the first solar-powered aircraft?
What are solar chemical processes?
What has been a significant area of solar chemical research since the 1970s?
What can thermal mass systems do?
What can molten salts do to store solar energy?
What can be sent to the transmission grid?
What type of hydroelectricity stores energy in the form pumped?
What two crises caused a reorganization of energy policies around the world?
When did commercial solar water heaters first appear in the US?
What has the International Energy Agency said that solar energy can solve some of?
What does ISO 10217 relate to solar water heaters?
What are the two most common types of solar technologies?
What is a huge source of electricity?
In what year did the IEC say that solar energy technologies will have huge long-term benefits?
What limits the amount of solar energy that humans can acquire?
What can increase the solar energy potential in areas farther from the equator?
What does it mean that solar panels can only be set up on unowned land?
What is the global potential of solar energy?
What is solar power?
What did the Greeks and Chinese use to design their buildings?
What is a solar balloon?
What has the energy consumption of solar energy changed from since the Industrial Revolution?
What could provide a third of the world's energy by 2060?
What area was once home to several ancient cultures?
How many Tajiks were killed during World War II?
What was the name of Emomali Rahmon?
What did the government of india do to its Ayni Air Base?
What was the reason for the increase in militarism in Tajikistan' east?
What is the official status of Tajikistan?
What is blocked to foreign websites?
What is the smallest nation in Central Asia by area?
What is the Persian word for "place of" or country?
What was the name of the region that Iran was known for?
When did Russia take control of the entire territory?
What Islamic social movement did the jadidists establish themselves as in the late 19th century?
What was the name of the guerrillas in Central Asia after 1917?
What was created in 1924 as a part of Uzbekistan?
How many people were expelled from the Communist Party of Tajikistan?
What caused accusations that President Emomali Rahmon corruptly manipulates the election process?
What is the official name of Tajikistan?
When did most of modern Tajikistan become part?
What empire took control of the region in the first century CE?
What was the GDP of Tajikistan after the war?
What is the Nurek Dam?
What is the largest source of money for Tajikistan?
What is the main source of income in Tajikistan?
What country has no ports?
What is the name of Tajikistan's main airport?
What is the main ethnic group in Tajikistan?
What are the Pamiri people different from most Tajikiks?
What percentage of the population is Muslim?
What is there concern among mainstream Muslim leaders?
What does the SCRA stand for?
What is the main problem with health care in Tajikistan?
What is the plan to implement in 2016?
What is anthropology?
What type of organizations followed the American Anthropological Association?
What was established during the last three decades of 19th century?
What is the main focus of social anthropology in Great Britain?
What is the difference between humanities, social and natural sciences?
What is sociocultural anthropology heavily affected by?
What is the main axe of sociocultural and cultural anthropology?
What can be a methodology and the product of ethnographic research?
What is a central focus of sociocultural?
What do archaeologists examine to deduce patterns of past human behavior and cultural practices?
What is linguistics also called?
What has been the central problem in anthropology of art?
What group of people was the Société Ethnologique de Paris?
Who wrote On the Origin of Species?
What was the main social science topic in the 1850s?
What did Broca want to do?
What does Waitz say is the science of nature?
Who formed the Anthropological Society of London?
What has anthropology evolved from a few major subdivisions to more than one?
What is the main focus of media anthropology?
What is the main focus of visual anthropology?
What is economic anthropology?
What is political economy in anthropology?
What is applied anthropology?
What is the key goal of development?
What can be both a study of the patterns in human cultures and what it can refer to?
What group does anthropology engage with?
What is nutritional anthropology?
What is psychological anthropology?
What does cognitive anthropology seek to explain?
What is political anthropology concerned with?
What was the name of the sub-focus group in 1993?
What is an active role in studying the relationships between humans and their environment?
What is the study of ethnographic cultures and indigenous customs?
What is urban anthropology concerned with?
What is the study of interaction between living things called?
What is evolutionary anthropology?
What is one of the ethical commitments in anthropology?
By the 1940s, who was active in the allied war effort against Nazi Germany?
What may their codes of ethics or statements proscribe anthropologists from giving?
What is the US Army's strategy in Afghanistan?
What are biological anthropologists interested in?
What do anthropologists typically divide up their project by?
What do some authors argue about anthropology?
What has become common for social and cultural anthropologists to set ethnographic research in the North Atlantic region?
Who became a powerful, progressive dictator?
Who knew no opposition?
What was the decline of Portugal after Napoleon's occupation?
What did Joo VI do after the Liberal Revolution of 1820?
What was the purpose of the Conference in Berlin?
Who were murdered on February 1, 1908?
What led to the establishment of the Estado Nov?
What is the highest ranking of any country in the world?
What was Pelayos' plan?
What was the result of the divisions in inheritance among king' offspring?
What was the name of Galicia during the internecine struggles?
Who was the 1st Marquie of Pombal?
What was the purpose of the new city centre?
What is Portugal's official name?
What has been continuously settled and fought over since prehistoric times?
What earthquake destroyed Lisbon?
What is the name of Portugal?
What is the name of the forts in modern Portugal?
What empire expanded rapidly in the peninsula?
Who proclaimed themselves Emir of their provinces?
What was the main group of native Iberian converts to Islam?
Whose son' resigned from power before Alfonson III died?
In what years did Portugal make an alliance with England?
Who was Portugal's main patron of the Age Of Discovery?
Who was made Prime Minister in 1755?
What social class was Sebastio de Mela's enemies?
What did the Portuguese government and army successfully do to their overseas territories?
What did the Junta de Salvaço Nacional continue to do?
What was the Portuguese constitution until 1982 and 1989?
What is the average temperature in Portugal?
What archipelagos have varying climate?
What is the history of Portugal?
Where are large forests of endemic Laurisilva forests found?
What is the name of the richest in world?
What is the name of the single chamber parliament?
What type of system does Portugal have?
Who is the President of Portugal?
What is the mandate of a government?
What is the Portuguese law?
What has declined in Portugal?
What are the only two local administrative units that Portugal's government can identify?
What are the three branches of the Portuguese military?
How many brigades does the army have?
What has been involved in peacekeeping missions after the end of Portugal's empire?
What did Pedro Passos Coelhu do after the bailout?
What did a report show in the period between 1974 and 2010?
What was known about the two Portuguese banks after 2007-08?
What was the original name of Portugal's currency?
What has Portugal been doing to adapt to the changing modern world economy?
What did the European Commission, ECB and IMF do to help Portugal?
What type of crops does Portugal produce?
What are the main ports of Portugal's fisherie?
What is Portugal ranked among Europe's leading copper producers?
What is the industry of Volkswagen Autoeuropa?
What is Portugal's tourism industry expected to grow?
What increased by 65% from 2002 to 2007?
What did Portugal announce on April 6, 2011?
How many public employees did the Portuguese government have in 2005?
What was the government's plan for the public sector in May 2013?
What is the name of Passos Coelh?
What has the unemployment rate been in since 2014?
What is the number of tourists attracted to Lisbon?
How many kilometers of road network does Portugal have?
What makes Lisbon a stopover for many foreign airlines?
What is the name of Portugal's railway network?
What are the two largest metropolitan areas?
What are the largest in Portugal?
What companies are responsible for research and development projects in Portugal?
What is the Lisbon Oceanarium?
What did Portugal do to help create thousands of scientific, technological and knowledge-based businesses?
What are the two most cost-effective renewable sources in Portugal?
What does Redes Energéticas Nacionais do?
What was the 2011 population of Portugal?
What is the most important demographic influence in the modern Portuguese?
What European powers gave up overseas territories in 1975?
What percentage of the Portuguese population is Catholic?
What festivals have a Christian origin?
Who was a divine messenger before the Battle of Ourique?
Where did Portuguese originate?
What is the origin of Portuguese?
What is the average Portuguese student in terms of reading literacy, mathematics and science knowledge?
What is the name of Portugal's oldest university?
What process has been adopted by Portuguese universities since 2006?
How many regional health administrations are in charge of implementing the national health policy objectives?
What is the main cause of death in Portugal?
How well did Portugal's adults rate their health?
What is the ranking of Portugal's World Heritage Site?
What is another name for Portuguese architecture?
What is the history of Portuguese cinema?
What is the style of modern Portuguese poetry?
What is the Portuguese cuisine diverse?
What is the origin of Portuguese pastries?
What are two of the most popular Portuguese wines?
What type of festivals does Portugal have?
What is the name of Maria Joo Pires?
What century saw the arrival of Modernism?
What is the most popular sport in Portugal?
Which Portuguese sports clubs are the largest in popularity?
What is Kanye Omari West's real name?
What was Kanye's intention to pursue a solo career as?
How many albums has Kanye sold?
What was Kanye's birth date?
What has Kanye forgotten about his high school grades?
What genre of artist did Kanye become a fan?
What did Kanye do to pursue his musical dreams?
What was Kanye's first career?
What was produced by Kanye on Fox's second album?
What is Kanye often credited with revitalizing Jay-Z's career?
What was Kanye's true aspiration to be a rapper?
Damon Dash reluctantly signed Kanye to what label?
What was Kanye's breakthrough song after his accident?
What was the release date of Kanye's debut album?
What label released Kanye's first single?
How many units did Kanye sell in the US by 2005?
What was Kanye's first big controversy?
Who is the newest member of the U2 band?
What was the name of Kanye's third album?
What happened to Kanye's mother in 2007?
What is the name of Island Def Jam's 2008 release?
What Kanye's most vulnerable record?
What was the name of Kanye's incident at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards?
What did Kanye do after a controversial incident?
What was Kanye's fifth album?
What was the name of Kanye's album that was released after Coachella?
What is Kanye's sixth solo album?
What did Kanye and his wife announce the birth of their first child?
What did people sign against Kanye's appearance at Glastonbury?
What did Kanye release in December 2015?
What is Kanye's musical inspiration?
What did Kanye collaborate with on his second album?
What genre of music did Kanye draw inspiration from?
What was Kanye's fourth album?
What is the name of Kanye's fifth album?
What was Kanye's sixth album called?
What did Kanye announce in 2005?
What was Kanye's women fashion label?
What was the name of Kanye's newest collaboration shoe?
In what year did Kanye reveal plans to open 10 Fatburger restaurants in the Chicago area?
What was Kanye's first record label?
What did Kanye announce in 2012?
What did Kanye acquire in 2015?
What foundation did Kanye founded in 2003?
When did the foundation cease operations?
What kind of relief has Kanye done?
What did Kanye say about the media?
What did Rick Kaplan do to stop Kanye speaking?
What did Kanye West say in 2010?
What was the name of the singer who performed in Kazakhstan?
What did Kanye do on Twitter after his ABC show ran a sketch?
What did Kanye say about Obama?
What did Kanye do in 2016?
When did Kanye storm out of the auditorium at an American Music Awards?
What did Kanye lose at the 2007 MTV VMAs?
What did Kanye say was one of the best videos of all time?
What did Kanye do to Swift in 2010?
What did Kanye do on February 26, 2015?
What did Kanye announce he would run for in 2020?
What website has tried to block Kanye's participation at various events?
What year did Kanye and Kim Kardashian get engaged?
What was the cause of Kanye's death?
What did Adams do to the family of Donda West?
What was the name of Kanye's funeral?
What was the first time Kanye spoke about his mother's death?
What law makes it mandatory for patients to provide medical clearance?
What did Kanye suing for trademark infringement in 2006?
What charges were filed against Kanye and Crowley in 2008?
What happened to Kanye in 2008?
What did Daniel Ramos ask Kanye?
What does Kanye say he is spiritual?
What is the status of rapper Kanye?
What factors have set Kanye apart from other rappers?
What non-rap artists have cited Kanye as an influence?
How many digital songs has Kanye sold in the US?
How many Grammy Awards has Kanye won in 2013?
What was the name of the album that Rolling Stone included in its 2012 list?
What was the best album of the decade so far?
What has Kanye been a source of controversy and public scrutiny for?
What is the philosophy of Buddhism?
What are the two main branches of Buddhism?
What is the ultimate goal of Theravada Buddhism?
What do different schools of Buddhism differ on?
What Nidnakatha story is attributed to?
What was the difficulty of writing a biography that meets modern criteria?
What is the name of Gautama's father?
Who visited the young prince's father?
Who was determined to see his son become a King?
What was the religious culture distinct from Vedic?
Where was the original Bodhi Tree located?
What does avidya mean?
What is the force that drives sari?
In what type of Buddhism can there be no divine salvation or forgiveness for one's karma?
What is a process of beings going through rebirth?
What are the udhv'sa World?
According to East Asian and Tibetan Buddhism, what is the term for a state between one life and another?
What is regarded as central to the teachings of Buddhism?
What is the first truth about dukkha?
What is the second truth that can be known?
What is the fourth of Buddha's Noble Truth?
Who describes the path as "a mandalla of interconnected factors that support and moderate each other?"
What is the brahmaviharas?
What is the guiding principle of Buddhist practice?
What does some schools of Buddhism discourage?
What did the Buddha recommend to people?
What is impermanence?
What is a central concept in Buddhism?
What does not-self teach?
What is an important part of Buddhist metaphysics?
What is the best-known application of prattosamutpod?
What do the Nidnas describe?
What is the term for suffering that a person experiences throughout their life?
Who was the most influential scholar within Mahayana Buddhism?
What did some exponents of Yogacara assert that the mind and only the minds are ultimately real?
What is the name of the concept that refers to Buddha-nature?
What is the name of the spiritual awakening called in India?
What does Bodhi mean in Plis and Sanskrit?
What does the bodhisattva achieve in Mahayana Buddhism?
What is the term for nirvana?
What is the meaning of a Buddha?
What is the common belief of Theravada and Mahayana Buddhists?
What are two names for people who awaken from the "sleep of ignorance"?
What is the arahant?
In what sutras are the Buddha, Dharma and Sangha viewed as One?
What is the Buddha's death seen as?
What is the most faith-orientated manifestation of Buddhism?
What is the term used for the time when people remember and practice the teachings of the earliest known Buddha?
What does Mahayana Buddhists believe about other Buddha in the universe?
What does Pure Land Buddhism hold?
What does bodhisattva mean?
What is the name of a Mahayana vehicle?
What does Mahayana encourage everyone to do?
Who cites Shantideva' famous saying as his favourite verse?
What is an important part of the practice for most Buddhists?
What type of ayurvedal practice incorporates states that are meditative?
What is the practice of yogis in the centuries preceding the Buddha?
What was a religious knowledge indicated as the result of?
What are the earliest describing meditation techniques?
What does Wynnes argue about the Nasadiyan Sukt?
What is the first step in most Buddhist schools?
What did the scriptures say about Gautama Buddha?
What is the name of the practice that refers to moral purity?
What is la?
What does sla mean?
What are precepts formulated as?
What is made more strict in the eight precepts?
What may be observed by laypeople for short periods?
What is the moral code for monks and nun?
Who instructs monastics to live as "islands unto themselves"?
What is the distinctive Vinayo and ethics contained within the Mahayana Brahmajal sutra?
What are the two types of meditation that Theravada Buddhism taught?
What is the name of the language used in the Noble Eightfold Path?
What is the main reason a meditator can achieve insight?
What is the most common method of meditation?
What does Buddhist practice say can calm the mind?
What is the cause of human existence and suffering identified as?
What does pa mean?
What is praj initially achieved at?
What is the Chinese word for Zen?
What is a meditative riddle or puzzle used in Zen Buddhism?
What does Kosho Uchiyama say when thoughts are re-entered?
What is the name of the school that practices Vajrayana?
What group was a continuation of strands other than Vedic Brahmannism?
Where did Buddhism originate?
What other philosophical thought was reflected in the Upanishad?
What was the main criticism of the Buddha?
What can be obtained by analysis of the oldest texts?
What is the relation between insight and dhyana?
What is not a central theme in the Sutto Pitaka?
What did Bronkhorst agree was a part of the early Buddhism?
What is a later addition to this text?
What is the common term for the desired goal of Nikaya?
What was the name of the eightfold path?
What did Bronkhorst and Anderson believe were a substitution for "prajnam"?
What may be the three marks of existence?
What five periods can be divided into?
What is the earliest phase of Buddhism?
When was the first Buddhist council held?
What did most scholars say happened after the Second Council?
What was the root of the schism between Sthavira and Mahshika?
What was the cause of disputes over vinay?
What happened to each Sagha following the schism?
What stras are among the oldest Mahyanana?
What stras included the very first versions of Prajparamit?
What can be traced to at least the third century BCE?
What is the name of the ayurvedic practice?
What is the origin of Mahya?
During the period of Late Mahayana Buddhism, how many major types were developed?
What led to the construction of more stpas?
What document states that emissaries were sent to various countries west of India?
What groups did the gradual spread of Buddhism bring into contact with?
What spread to Sri Lanka and Thailand?
What was the first documented effort to bring Buddhism into China?
During what period did Buddhism spread from India to Tibet and Mongolia?
By the late Middle Ages, what was it?
What has spread throughout the world?
What did Buddhism emerge during the second half of 20th Century?
In what century did Soka Gakkai emerge?
How many people practice Buddhism?
What is the largest population of Buddhists?
How many Buddhists are found outside of Asia?
What did Johnson and Grim (2013) say about the growth of Buddhism?
What do some scholars use?
What is the philosophical outlook of all traditions?
What is the oldest surviving Buddhist school?
What is the main practice of Theravda in Sri Lanka?
What do Theravadin Buddhists believe is required to realize rebirth?
What was the name of the Buddhism that flourished in India?
What did some of the Mahayana Sutras become for?
What is also Mahayana in origin?
What literature developed as a result of royal courts sponsoring both Buddhism and Saivism?
What kind of schools of Buddhism place varying levels on learning the various texts?
What is the common core of all Buddhist traditions?
What was the name of a unifying scripture in Sri Lanka?
What did Goddard create in the 1920s?
What is the name of the three baskets?
What is the only early Tipitaka to survive intact in its original language?
What does the stra and vinayat of every Buddhist school contain?
What is the collection of teachings that this school preserved from early, non-sectarian body?
What is a very broad genre of Buddhist scriptures that the Mahayana Buddhist tradition holds are original teaching?
What path do Mahayana sutras often claim to articulate the Buddha'  deeper, more advanced doctrine?
What is the name of the Buddha who transmitted the Mahayana sutras in secret?
How many sutras have survived in Sankrit?
What did scholars generally conclude that the Mahayana scriptures were composed from?
What school does not include the Mahayana scriptures in its canon?
What did the Mahyna refer to earlier Buddhism as?
What religion provides many opportunities for comparative study with a diverse range of subjects?
What do many sources commonly refer to Buddhism as?
What British series did American Idol begin airing on Fox in 2002?
Who were the original judges on American Idol?
What has been described as "unparallel in broadcasting history"?
What did Fox announce that American Idol would end its run in 2015?
Who created American Idol?
What did Fuller and Cowell attempt to sell in 2001?
What was the original plan for Pop Idol?
In what season did Kara DioGuardi become a fourth judge?
In what seasons were Lionel Richi and Robin Gibb used?
What was the name of Ryan Seacrest and Brian Dunkleman?
What was the purpose of permanent mentors in the tenth season?
What is the age range for contestants on American Idol?
How many sets of cuts do contestants go through?
How many rounds of elimination did there usually be in Hollywood?
What was the Las Vegas round on season 12 of American Idol?
What is the name of the contestant that can be voted for in the semi-finals?
In what season were the semi-finalists split into groups?
How many semi-finalists were there in season four?
What two groups of contestants performed on separate nights in season ten and eleven?
What was the length of the finals in season one?
What happens to the most popular contestants in the results show?
What show can viewers vote on during the finals?
What is the title of the final episode of a season?
What does the winner receive for up to six albums?
What happens to each season of American Idol?
What is the name of the show that contestants perform with a full band in?
What was the name of the show that aired on Fox in 2002?
How many contestants attended the auditions?
Who was the early favorite to win the Grammys?
What happened to the coronation song?
What was the name of the second season of American Idol?
What happened to Corey Clark during the finals of American Idol?
Who was the winner of Season 5?
What did both finalists find success after the show?
What was the name of William Hung's song that received widespread attention on American Idol?
What did the media focus on on season three of American Idol?
What song was praised by Simon Cowell?
Who did the top 12 finalists include?
What happened to the top 11 contestants during the week?
Who is the most successful contestant on American Idol?
What happened to two of the most prominent contestants during Season five?
What did Chris Daughtry do to become Fuel's new lead singer?
What was the name of Hicks' first single?
What was Chris Daughtry's career?
When did season six of American Idol first air?
What was the most talked about contestant on American Idol?
What was the name of the telethon-inspired event on American Idol?
In the May 23 finale, who was Jordin Sparks' runner-up?
What was the age limit for auditions on season four of American Idol?
What did the American Idol Songwriter contest allow fans to vote for?
What did the media focus on in season seven?
What controversy caused American Idol to mistake David Cook's performance of "Billie Jean"?
What was the first season of American Idol in which contestants' recordings were released onto iTunes after their performances?
What was the date of the show's announcement?
Who released the song "The Time of My Life"?
When did the season eight of American Idol first air?
Who was introduced in the first major change to the judging panel?
How many finalists were eliminated in the first result show of season 13?
What was the most controversial voting result since season two of American Idol?
What is the first song released by Allen and Lambert?
What was the main reason for the cancellation of Season nine?
What happened to Crystal Bowersox on the girls performance night?
What show raised $45 million for the first time?
What was the name of Simon Cowell's final season on American Idol?
Who was the winner of season two of American Idol?
What season of American Idol was released on January 19, 2011?
What was the first time that contestants could submit a 40-second video audition via Myspace?
What happened to Casey Abrams on the Top 11?
Who was the favorite to advance far in American Idol?
Who was the 2011 winner of American Idol?
Who was disqualified from the Top 25 on March 14?
Who was taken to the hospital before the Top 13 results show?
What did the judges do to Jessica Sanchez?
Who was the winner of season five?
What is the name of Phillips' coronation song?
Who was on the judging panel for season 12 of American Idol?
What did the top 10 contestants start with?
Who is the first female to win American Idol since Jordin Sparks?
Who was the last judge of American Idol to serve as a judge?
When did the 13th season of American Idol first air?
What was the Top 3 performance night?
Who was the winner of season four on American Idol?
When did the fourteenth season of American Idol begin?
What did the winner of season two receive?
Who won the season?
What was the name of the final season of American Idol?
How many of the contestants on American Idol have come from Southern states?
What country is American Idol popular in?
What are some theories given for the success of southerners on American Idol?
What do Idol pundites call the "WGWG" factor?
What was the reason contestants had to sign a contract with 19 Entertainment?
What has been a source of controversy on American Idol?
What is the name of a special charity event on American Idol?
How many viewers watched American Idol?
What was the average viewership of American Idol on season three?
What was the first episode of American Idol that rated high?
What was the percentage of viewers on season seven that dropped?
What trend continued into season eight of American Idol?
What fell 12–13% in season ten?
What did the ratings for season eleven fall in?
How many more viewers did American Idol lose in the 12th season?
What season of American Idol was the lowest rated?
What was the most watched primetime television series for almost a decade?
What did the show push Fox to become?
What was the cause of imitating singing competition shows?
What is one of the most successful shows on American Idol?
Who accounted for 2.1% of all music sales in 2007?
How many albums have the American Idol alumni sold in the US alone?
Who has forged successful careers in musical theatre?
What has been the most negative aspect of American Idol?
What did she think of the show?
What was the star-making aspect of American Idol?
What has led to a more positive assessment of the show?
How many Emmys did American Idol receive for Outstanding Reality Competition Program?
How much money did American Idol generate in 2004?
What was the most expensive show for advertisers on American Idol?
Which companies were the first sponsors of American Idol in its first season?
What was noted since the early seasons of American Idol?
What did Coca-Cola's archrival do at the start of American Idol?
Who toured at the end of every season?
What did American Idol traditionally release for sale?
What does 19 Entertainment own?
What did The Walt Disney Company debut on February 14, 2009?
What is the difference between American Idol and other shows?
What country does the show air after its telecast?
What have contestants generated in the show?
What is the longest winning streak in Nielsen's annual ratings?
What is the name of a domesticated canid?
What did extensive genetic studies indicate about dogs in Eurasia 40,000 years ago?
What do some cultures believe dogs are a source of?
What is the English word dog?
What was the general word for all domestic dogs in England?
What is a dog in breeding circles?
What is the Latin word for dog?
What is the scientific name of a wild animal?
What evidence supported the existence of dogs and gray wolves?
What three species of dog diverged at around the same time?
What has been done for millennia to improve their physical attributes?
What was the smallest known adult dog?
What is the name of the coats of domestic dogs?
What color on their upper surfaces is a sign of countershading?
What is the traditional purpose of a hunting dog's tail?
What are some breeds of dogs prone to?
What foods are toxic to dogs?
What was the average lifespan of mixed breeds in 2013?
What is the average lifespan of a dog?
What is the Dogue de Bordeaux?
What is the median lifespan of Toy Poodles?
When does sexual maturity begin in domestic dogs?
How many days after fertilization do dogs bear their litters?
What does the American Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals recommend?
What is the risk of cancer in spayed female dogs?
What is the ability of a dog to perceive information and retain it as knowledge for applying?
What do dogs have the ability to communicate with humans?
What is dog communication about?
What is the relationship between wolves and dogs?
What did a study find between dogs and wolves in 2016?
How many million dogs are there?
What are reports from Croatia that indicate wolves kill dogs more frequently than sheep?
What has been known about coyotes and big cats?
What is the classification of Carnivora?
What is the age of most dogs?
What has helped breeds of dogs become more similar?
What is distinguishable from other breeds?
What did wolf ancestors do to their dogs?
What led to dogs becoming ubiquitous across world cultures?
What would dogs have done to humans?
What study gave quantitative support to the hypothesis that cooperative hunting was an important factor in wolf domestication?
What is the date of dogs in North America?
What Natufian culture site was buried with an elderly human and her puppy?
What is the first major trend in the changing status of pet dogs?
What can be used to transform a pet dog into an ideal companion?
What model of relationships has been promoted by some dog trainers?
What did another study show about dogs' roles in families?
What percentage of Americans own at least one dog?
What did the latest study show that dogs and humans have similar responses to voices?
What has the unique nickname "man's best friend" been given?
What type of dogs are utility and assistance dogs used for?
What is another name for breed shows?
Where is dog meat consumed?
What is the most popular Korean dish?
What percentage of the US population is bitten by dogs each year?
What did a Colorado study find about dog bites?
What is the cause of more than 86,000 falls in the US each year?
How many cases of Toxocara infection are reported in humans each year?
What did a 2005 paper say about pet ownership?
What did people with pets do more than those without pets?
What can be attributed to the presence of dogs?
When did the practice of using dogs and other animals as part a therapy date back to?
What are medical detection dogs capable of doing?
What is the name of a three-headed watchdog?
What do Hindu mythologists call the two watch dogs?
What is considered unclean in Islam?
What does Jewish law not prohibit keeping dogs?
What is the role of dogs in Chinese mythology?
What dates back thousands of years?
What are some of the health conditions that humans have?
What interferes with reproduction in French Bulldog?
What is the name of a study that shows that man's best friend?
What kind of animals would have benefited from living in human camps?
What would have greatly improved the chances of survival for early human groups?
What is mixed evidence as to the benefits of a dog's companionship?
What was the date of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay?
Where was the Olympic torch lit?
What was the cause of the protests in cities along the North American and European route?
What were the protests in London and Paris described as?
What did the IOC decide to do with torch relays?
What was the Beijing Games' Organizing Committee told in June 2008?
How tall is the torch?
What was the name of the aircraft used to transport the torch?
What route carried the torch through six continents?
What was ignited on March 24, 2008?
What country called for boycotts of Carrefour?
What did the People's Daily editorial urge people to do in response?
What was the distance from Medeo stadium to Astana Square?
Where did the torch relay leg in Istanbul begin?
What was the length of the torch relay route in Saint Petersburg?
What was the host city of the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Who was the torch-bearer in London?
What was the original plan for the torch relay leg in France?
What did the Green Party officials do to the torch in Paris?
What did reporters without borders organize to hang a protest banner from the Eiffel Tower?
How many pro-Tibet demonstrators gathered at the Trocadéro?
What did the torch drive past?
What was the French police criticised for?
What was the name of the torch relay in San Francisco, California?
When did the San Francisco Board of Supervisors approve a resolution on human rights concerns?
Who planned to protest the arrival of a torch in San Francisco?
What happened to the torch as it disappeared into a warehouse on pier?
What was the name of the torch relay leg in Buenos Aires?
Who said he would not put out the Olympic torch?
What caused Diego Maradone to pull out of the torch relay?
Where did the torch begin?
What was Muscat's only stop in the Middle East?
What city did the torch reach on April 16?
What was the length of the torch relay in India?
What has the Indian authorities decided to shorten?
What did India demand that the torch route be clear of India's 150,000-strong Tibetan exile community?
Who refused to participate in the torch relay?
What was the first time that an Olympic torch visited Thailand?
Where was the Olympic torch relay held in Malaysia?
What family was hit by a group of Chinese nationals with plastic air-filled baton?
What was the reason for the cancellation of the torch relay through Jakarta?
Where was the event held?
What did the Australian authorities say was a rumor?
What did Lin Hatfield Dodgs do to express concern about China' hr rights record?
What group was expected to attend the torch relay?
Where was the torch relay originally planned to take place?
Where was the torch relay held in South Korea?
Who presided over the torch relay in North Korea?
What organizations pulled out of the relay?
Where was the torch relay held?
How many anti-China protestors were arrested in Hanoi prior to the rally?
Where was the torch relay held?
What did members of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support Of Patriotic Democratic Movements say symbolized democracy?
What group did Jens Galschit lead?
Where was the first time that an Olympic torch traveled to Macao?
What two websites were shut down from May 2 to 4?
When did the torch return to Mainland China?
What has been different from other media coverage of the torch relay?
What did the Chinese media focus on in response to pro-Tibet and human rights protests?
What media did not quote alternate viewpoints?
What website reported that Indian torchbearers vow to run for spirit of Olympics?
Who did Fu Ying accuse Western media of demonizing China?
What group called biased coverage of the Lhasa riots and Olympic torch relay by CNN?
How many people protested against Western media bias?
What newspaper published an article on April 20?
What did a Beijing citizen say about the anti-CNN website?
What is the name of the Flame Protection Unit?
What country called for boycotts of Carrefour?
What did the Chinese government do in response to the demonstrations?
What did Shoichi Washizawa say about the torch relay in Japan?
What is the purpose of the torch?
What did the union plan to protest at?
What did the official website describe Jin Jing as?
How many attendants will accompany the flame on its Mainland China route?
Who wrote the book Principia Mathematic?
What is the 1929 book The Aims of Education and Other Essay?
What did whitehead advocate?
Who did Whitehead begin his career as a philosopher?
What did Whitehead think about metaphysics?
What did Whitehead consider to be faulty metaphysical assumptions?
Who views concepts such as "quality", matter, and form problematic?
What is a "defining essence"?
What is it convenient to think of people and objects as remaining fundamentally the same things?
What does materialism see as separate from all other objects?
What does Whitehead say about relations?
Who did Isabelle Stengers write that Whiteheadians are recruited among?
Who is the most notable Whitehead scholar?
Where is Whitehead's thought most rapidly growing?
What are the minority opinions of Whitehead?
What type of philosophy has a close relationship with process?
What kind of thought did Whitehead have in physics?
Who pioneered the work of environmental ethics?
What model was developed by Xie Bangxu?
What has Whitehead had an influence on?
What did Whitehead believe about the existence of processes?
Who was Alfred North Whitehead's father?
What post did Whitehead hold for four years?
What is the most definitive presentation of Whitehead's life?
How many books did Whitehead write on the subject?
What two structures drew attention to the need for expanding algebraic structure beyond associatively multiplicating class?
How long did Whitehead and Russell think it would take them to complete?
What is considered to be among the most difficult to understand in all of western canon?
Who was invited to Chicago's Divinity School?
What was the name of Wieman's work?
Who wrote about the concept of creativity?
What did Whitehead need?
What does whitehead mean by experience dominating the primitive living organisms?
What does Whitehead call the process of linking perception with causation?
What is comparatively deficient in survival value?
What is the most famous and pointed criticism of Christianity?
What did Whitehead believe was necessary for his metaphysical system?
What does Whitehead say about God's response to the world?
What does Whitehead see as fulfilling?
What did Whitehead see as the core of religion?
What did Whitehead see religion as beginning in?
What is the extent of Whitehead's influence outside Claremont?
What is the name of the German philosopher who was a proponent for Whitehead's work?
What does process theology emphasize?
What makes process theology difficult to define?
What did Whitehead see religion as?
Who did Margaret Stout and Carrie M. Staton write about?
What did a global glut in investment capital lead to?
What was the fourth largest bank failure in US history?
Which companies downgraded the ratings on InddyMac bonds in April 2008?
What percentage of IndyMac's total deposits did Senator Charles Schumer point out?
What was the amount of loans IndyMac could not sell in the secondary market?
What did the FDIC do on July 11, 2008?
When did the financial crisis hit its peak?
What was the TED spread indicator of perceived credit risk in general economy?
What did Paul Krugman and Timothy Geithner explain the credit crisis through?
What happened to the U.S lending mechanism in 2009?
How much of their net worth did Americans lose between 2007 and 2008?
What economist said there is a good reason for tighter credit?
What has the continuing development of the crisis prompted?
What has caused declines in growth elsewhere?
What countries saw significant slowdowns?
What group is in the best position to absorb economic shocks?
What did the US economy lose in 2008 and 2009?
What does critics argue about the problem of faulty risk-weighting?
What year did the U.S recession begin?
What event caused advanced economies to lead global economic growth?
What does Krugman believe is not the cause of the financial crisis?
What did NPR correspondents argue was seeking higher yield than U.S Treasury bonds?
What allowed financial institutions to obtain investor funds for subprime lending?
What type of mortgages could not refinance to avoid higher payments?
What encouraged borrowing?
How much did Bernanke explain the increase in the US current account deficit between 1996 and 2004?
What did the Fed raise the funds rate significantly between July 2004 and June 2006?
What percentage of mortgages were "defective"?
What did the officers of Clayton Holdings testify to Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission?
What is the practice of unscrupulous lenders?
What state sued Countrywide for unfair business practices?
What did economist Paul Krugman and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner argue about the regulatory framework?
Before the financial crisis, when did financial institutions become highly leveraged?
What did the top five U.S investment banks do from 2004 to 2007?
How can a recession be caused by too many people?
What has spread to nearly every corner of the economy?
What were examples of financial innovations that were relevant to the crisis?
What did CDO's decline from 2000 to 2007?
What went hand in with more complexity?
What prevented markets from correctly pricing risk before the crisis?
What group did not accurately measure the risk inherent with financial innovation?
What did the government do to AIG?
What became more complex?
What has been documented to address the formula limitations?
What year did Timothy Geithner place blame for the freezing of credit markets on?
When did the securitization markets supported by what system start to close down?
What did Mark Zandi testify to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2010?
What happened to the price of oil from early 2007 to 2008?
What did Michael Greenberger specifically name the IntercontinentalExchange?
What did Ailsa McKy and Margunn Bjrnerholt argue about?
Who was the current Governor of India?
What was not widely predicted by mainstream economists except Raghuram Rajan?
What magazine claims that economists failed to predict the worst economic crisis since 1930?
Who wrote The Black Swan?
What does Phil Dow believe is the difference between the current market malaise and the Great Depression?
What was Northern Rock?
What type of borrowers were often denied loans by IndyMac?
How much of the American population declined in wealth between 2007 and 2009?
When did the European Commission at Brussels predict a weak growth of GDP for 2009?
What countries have taken steps to expand money supplies?
What countries were able to raise capital from their banks?
What did Barack Obama and his key advisers introduce in June 2009?
What is the process for reconciling two bills?
Who was the author of The Great Depression?
What caused the values of securities tied to U.S real estate pricing?
What did the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission conclude was avoided?
What are two financial agreements that increased in the wake of the housing and credit booms?
What did falling prices result in?
What process caused the financial system to expand and become fragile?
What did regulated banks do?
What did the U.S Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission conclude was avoided?
What did mortgage lenders do during a period of competition?
What report claims that government affordable housing policy was not the primary cause of financial crisis?
What can be traced to affordable housing policies initiated by HUD in the 1990s?
What did the House Financial Services Committee do in 2003?
What study showed that $467 billion of mortgage lending was made by Community Reinvestment Act covered lenders?
What two causes of the subprime lending crisis are argued to be connected?
What did Michael Lewis say about bad loans?
What did Peter J. Wallison say about the 1997-2007 period?
Where is Saint Martin located?
What are French citizens of St. Barts?
When did the first territorial council of Saint Martin be elected?
What is the citizenship status of St. Barts?
What did the early settlers produce?
What is St. Barts considered a playground of the rich and famous?
What is the main reason for the 70,000 visitors to St. Barts every year?
What type of soil does the island have?
What type of trees is the royal palm?
What is a common sight along the coastline of the island?
What is the name of the marine life found in the area?
What is the Reserve Naturelle?
What are some of the notable structures in La Pointe?
What is the number of restaurants on St. Barts?
What is the name of an event held every alternate year on Saint Barts?
Where is Gustaf III Airport located?
What is the territorial collectivity of Saint-Barthélemy?
What type of island is Saint Barts?
What is the name of the French commune that was part Guadeloupe?
What is the name of Grande Saline Bay?
How many beaches are considered suitable for swimming?
What is the area of the island?
When did the British invade Gustavia?
What is the name of St. Barts Municipal Museum?
What is the name of the material that makes up an organism?
What was the name of Hans Winkler?
What do some genetists call multiple copies of?
What is a "genome read" from the chromosomal data of individuals?
What is the current known number of genes for the protozoan causing Trichomoniasis?
What was released in the mid-1990s?
What has been made it much easier and cheaper to do sequencing?
What is the term used for genomics?
What is the difference between a genome sequence and one that lists the order of every DNA base in?
What is the use of a genome to describe contents in haploid cells?
What two species have big differences in their genome composition?
What does the genome of a pathogenic microbe contain?
What type of organisms contain chloroplast?
What is the number of base pairs in one copy?
What is being done on single cell organisms?
What are non-repetitive genes?
What can vary a lot between species?
What are tandem repeats and interspersed repetition?
What does the genome of mammalian have a large amount?
What are interspersed repeats made from?
What are LTRs?
What is a class 2 transposon?
What are some of the traits that researchers compare to determine what could have produced the great variety?
What does shaping the genome do?
What is the name of a phenomenon that can be attributed to horizontal gene transfer?
What is a comprehensive school?
What is the primary focus of a comprehensive school?
What are 164 selective grammar schools in the UK?
What were conceived as "neighbourhood" schools?
What is the date when Finland began using comprehensive schools?
What is the name of the comprehensive school in Germany?
In what state did all students attend a Gesamtschule in 2007?
What did Hauptschulen merge with in 2010/2011?
What is a school in some States of Germany that offers regular classes and remedial but no college preparatory class?
What type of students were at the bottom in their class?
What kind of students are at risk in a Gesamtschule?
What did Helmut Fend do?
What was the name of Gibraltar's first comprehensive school?
What was the name of a comprehensive school in Ireland?
When were comprehensive schools introduced in Ireland?
What controversial move removed the denominational basis of community schools?
What was the first comprehensive school set up after WWII?
What was the biggest expansion of comprehensive schools in 1965?
Who was Margaret Thatcher's secretary of state for education?
By what year did most local authorities in England and Wales abandon the 11-plus examination?
What was the 'great debate on education system?
What has been a right of parents since the Education Reform Act?
What has the Scottish government rejected as of 2005?
What is the difference between Northern Ireland and other parts of England?
What is the name of the country located in Central Africa?
What did the Congo become after independence?
What is the largest oil producer in Guinea-Bissau?
What ethnic group occupied parts of present-day Angola?
What was the main hub for transatlantic trade?
What area was under French sovereignty in 1880?
What was the name of France during World War II?
What happened to the French constitution that established the Fifth Republic in 1958?
What did France give the Congo on August 15, 1960?
Who was elected president of Congo in 1963?
Who assumed the presidency in 1968?
What did Sasou Ngueso do to align the country with the Eastern Bloc?
Who was the first elected president of Congo?
What began in 1997?
What did a referendum in January 2002 do to the president?
What was the result of the 2009 presidential election?
Who is the main political figure in Congo-Brazzaville?
What has Sasou' regime been hit by?
What did the government hold to allow Nguesso to run for a third term in office?
What is the main media owned by the government?
What was the first law to be passed in Africa?
Where is the Congo located?
What is the capital of Congo?
What is the southwest of the country?
What is the average day temperature in Equatorial Guinea?
Where did researchers study gorillas in 2006-07?
What is the economy of the country?
What part of its petroleum earnings has the government been unable to finance?
What happened in June 1997?
What is the name of the current president?
What kind of deposits does the Republic Of The Congo have?
What was the system of laborers in Congo built during 1930s?
What percentage of the population lives in urban areas?
What is the largest ethnic group in Congo?
How many Americans reside in the Congo?
What is the main religion of the people?
What was the cost of health in 2004?
What is FGM?
What was the net primary enrollment rate in 2005?
What is the most senior minister of cabinet in the executive branch?
What is the name of a parliamentary system?
What is the role of a member in parliament?
What other role does a prime minister have?
What was the first use of the term prime minister?
When did the term prime minister originate in the United Kingdom?
What were the names of monarchs who placed special trust in?
Who was the head of the cabinet?
What did kings do to prevent one minister becoming too powerful?
What did the monarch no longer have to do without its permission?
Who was the first minister of England?
Who was Robert Walpole?
Who denied Walpole was a prime minister?
By the late 20th century, what was a prime minister?
Who is Bahrain's prime minister?
What is the title of a prime minister in constitutional monarchies?
What is the name of an official appointed by a president?
What requires no approval by the parliament?
What does Bangladesh's constitution outline?
What is the premier of the People's Republic in China?
What is added to the reference to a "Prime Minister of Canada"?
What does the Czech Republic's constitution outline?
What is not mentioned in the United Kingdom's constitution?
What is not appointed for a specific term in office?
What political party commands majority of seats in the lower house?
What does a right to block supply to upper houses do?
In what jurisdictions can a head of state refuse to dissolve parliament?
When did the prime minister request a dissolution of parliament?
What is the expected resignation date for the prime minister of Australia?
What is not the official title of the office-holder?
What is the Italian name for a prime minister?
What is the convention in English language to call most heads of government "prime minister"?
What are called Right Honourable in some Commonwealth countries?
Who is the first minister in the UK?
What does the role of Cabinet in the UK?
What is IT?
What is the English term for polytechnic?
What is the difference between institute of technology and polytechnic?
What are two types of institutions that have been in existence since the 18th century?
What are institutions of higher education in Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland?
What system of education emerged in the UK?
What two types of institutions used to have a different statute among each other?
When did the College of Advanced Education system begin to form?
Since when has the term been used to some technically minded technical and further education institutes?
What two new colleges have been established in Tasmania?
In what sector of Australia are there seven designated universities of technology?
What is a German type of tertiary education institution?
What is the name of the school used in Belgium?
What is the Erasmus Hogeschool Brussel?
How many former institutes of technology have become universities in the Netherlands over the past decades?
What type of universities are in Cambodia?
What types of schools are there in Canada?
What are two universities that are affiliated with the University of Quebec?
What is the name of the alliance that consists 11 leading research-intensive colleges and institutes?
What percentage of universities are polytechnic?
What law was passed in 1997?
What does the Geophysics Institute monitor?
Where is one of the oldest observatories in South America?
What is the name of EPN's only department?
What is the mission of the Accrediting Body?
Who does MIT raise funds from?
What are universities of technology allowed to grant?
What is the difference between universities of technology and normal university?
What is the difference between polytechnic schools and academic universities in Finland?
What type of engineering schools are there?
What are institutes of technology called in France?
In what language does Fachhochschule exist?
What is the name of the system that was set at end 18th century?
What do Fachhochschulen not focus on exclusively?
What is the common term for a university of technology?
What nine universities in Germany have formed TU9 German Institutes of Technology?
Which two states have the highest counts of TUs?
What is the name of a university that includes specialized technical sciences?
How many "polytechnics" are part of the public higher education in Greece?
What is the name of The Hong Kong Polytechnic?
What is the name of the world's first institute?
How many Indian Institutes of Technology are there?
What colleges offer a polytechnic education in India?
How many institutes of technology are in Indonesia?
What is the differentiating meaning of Politeknik from Institut?
What is the name of Ireland's system?
What does the Dublin Institute of Technology do?
What does Politecnico mean in higher education?
What does the Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia stand for?
What type of university is institutes of technology?
What is the name of the Polytechnics in Malaysia?
How many polytechnic at all over states have Malaysia developed?
What is the name of Mauritius's only technical university?
What is the definition of a tertiary institution in New Zealand?
What has New Zealand's tertiary education system been doing since the 1990?
What is the only polytechnic to have been elevated?
What does the diploma program at?
What is the name of the under graduate BE course?
What is the name of the degree awarded by universities in Pakistan?
What is the main kind of technical university name in Poland?
What is the Portuguese term for a polytechnic?
What does Singapore Polytechnics not offer?
What type of courses do polytechnics offer?
What is the name of the first technical university in Slovakia?
What has South Africa done to transform its higher education landscape?
What has been merged with traditional Universities to form Comprehensive Universities?
What were developed from technical colleges?
What did the former Institute of Technology name itself?
What two institutes of technology have different origins?
What is the name of the Istanbul Technical University?
What type of education did England, Wales and Northern Ireland have?
What designation did some colleges of technology receive in 1956?
What did the Further and Higher Education Act 1992 give Polytechnics?
What are some schools called in the early 20th century?
What are some of the names for Polytechnic Institutes?
What was the name of the institutes of technology in Venezuela?
What is the name of the first IUT in Venezuela?
What is the name of the archive that enables users to see web pages in three dimensions?
What has a company been doing since 1996?
What was the name of a time machine used in Peachbody's Improbable History?
When did Brewster Kahle develop software to crawl and download all publicly accessible World Wide Web pages?
When did the archive reach its fifth anniversary?
How long after they are archived do web site snapshots usually become available?
What did the Open Directory require to be included in the Internet Archive?
How many petabytes of data was the Wayback Machine in 2009?
What did the Internet Archive do in 2009?
What was the Wayback Machine released in 2011?
What is the name of the new crawler?
What did the company announce in October 2013?
What 2009 case involved Chordiant Software Inc.?
What grounds did Chordiant object to the motion?
What did the Northern District Judge Howard Lloyd order Netbula to do?
What did a litigant attempt to do in 2004?
What evidence does the US patent office and European Patent Office accept from the Internet Archive?
What is the main reason for opposing parties to misuse results from web site archives?
What could be interpreted as violating copyright laws in Europe?
What did the Internet Archive do in 2002?
Who was the plaintiff in 2003?
What is the name of the file used by the Internet Archive to block bots from indexing certain pages?
What does the web site say about the Internet Archive?
What did Suzanne Shell want to pay for archiving her site?
Who settled their lawsuit?
What did a pornographic actor try to do in 2013-14?
What was the name of the Dutch Republic?
What were the Low Countries?
When did the Pragmatic Sanction come into effect?
In what year did the Union of Utrecht sign?
Who was the leader of the United Provinces in 1582?
What was the name of a republican revolution in 1783-1795?
What happened in 1813?
What was the Dutch Golden Age?
What is the oldest stock exchange in world?
Between what years did the Dutch have one of their strongest and fastest navies in world?
What was the republic?
What was the name of the eighth province?
What was the case with princes of Orange?
Who supported the princes of Orange?
What happened after the Peace of Westphalia?
What was the name of some shipping expeditions?
Who was the influenced by the Constitution of United Provinces?
What was the name of the religion that Holland and Zeeland were allowed to accept in the Union?
What was persecuted depends on the time period and regional or city leaders?
What was the subject of predestination in the first years?
What did the 18th century see as a change in the situation of toleration of other religions?
What is the close and long-term interaction between two different biological species called?
What is the scientific definition of symbioses?
What types of symbiotic relationships do many lichen species have?
What is a term for associations in which one organism lives on another?
What is a symbiotic relationship in which one bacterial species lives within the tissues of another?
What is the term for symbiotic relationship in which a squid lives on the body surface of the host?
What do many biologists restrict to mutualist relationships?
What is the result of mutualisms between coral organism and various types o algae that live inside them?
What protects the clownfish from its predator?
What fish can be found in sand?
What two species of crabs have a close relationship?
What symbiotic bacteria live at hydrothermal vent and cold seep?
What happens when the host cell lacks nutrients?
What is the process of transferring bacteria from an insect to its offspring?
What is the English word for a relationship between two living organisms?
What does phoresy mean?
What is one in which a member of the association benefits while another member suffers?
What is the term for a relationship where one species is inhibited or completely destroyed and another unaffected?
What is it called when an organism inflicts harm to another without any costs or benefits received by the other?
What is a rare type of symbiois in which the interaction between species is detrimental to both organism?
What is becoming more recognized as an important selective force behind evolution?
What is the main driving force behind evolution?
What role did co-evolution play in the evolution of flowering plants and animals?
What is the unified armed force of Canada?
What is the National Defence Act?
Who is the Commander-inChief of Canada's Armed Force?
What was the main focus of Canadian defence during Cold War?
What has the Canadian military become more deeply engaged in international security operations?
What is the Canadian military based on?
What do the Canadian Armed Forces contribute to?
Prior to Confederation, what did residents of Canada do as members in French and British forces?
Who was responsible for military command?
When did the first overseas deployment of Canadian forces occur?
How many operations have Canadian military units participated in since 1947?
What is the Battle of Vimy Ridge?
How many conscripts actually made it into battle at the end of World War II?
What is the current name of Canada's Armed Force?
What gave way to "Canadian Forces"?
What has the Canadian Forces been doing in Afghanistan?
What rank does the armed forces currently hold?
What survey found that nearly two thirds of Canadians agreed with the country'  participation in Afghanistan?
What effort has resulted in the acquisition of equipment to support Afghanistan?
When did the Department of Defence review the recommendations from the Royal Commission on Status Of Women?
What were infantry, armoured corps and field artillery still closed to women in 1987?
What occupations were open to women in 1989?
What type of equipment must be suitable for mixed-gender forces?
What is the following hierarchy of the Canadian Armed Forces?
Who is the country's sovereign?
Who is the highest ranking commissioned officer in the Armed Forces?
How many Canadian Forces bases are there?
How many submarines does the Royal Canadian Navy have?
Who is the Commander of Canada's Army?
How many field-ready brigade groups does the Army currently have?
What two divisions have Reserve Force brigades?
Who is responsible for the operational command and control of Air Force activities throughout Canada?
Where are the major air bases located?
What two groups maintain forward operating locations in Canada's northern region?
What was the new command created as a response to cost-cutting measures in 2012?
What is JTF2?
What is the Information Management Group responsible for?
What is the name of a joint formation that includes over 120 general or special units and detachments?
How many primary and supplementary members are in the Canadian Armed Forces Reserve force?
What is the primary reserve?
What is the majority of members of COATS?
What are the main services of Canada's Rangers?
What is the CAF's uniform for on any occasion?
What are the authorized headdresses for Canada' armed forces?
What was the amount of money allocated for defence spending in 2008-2009?
When was the right of electing a pope reserved to principal clergy in Rome?
What term was used to refer a priest permanently assigned or incardinated?
What was the first use of cardo?
What was the name of a church man used in other cities?
Who wrote about the importance of selecting good Cardinals?
Who did the French kings influence?
In what time period did cardinals have important roles in secular affairs?
How many cardinals did Sixtus V limit to?
What does a cardinal have to do with their titular church?
What does the Dean of the College receive?
What was the title of the eminence that Pope Urban VIII decreed?
What does James-Charles Noonan believe should be used when referring to cardinals in English?
When was the last time a non-cardinal became pope?
What does the term cardinalate mean?
Who are the most senior prelates of Catholicism?
What is the rule that a person elected to be ordained as Papist?
How many suburbicarian sees are in Ostia?
What has been the status of cardinal bishops with suburbicarian see?
What is the name of a cardinal?
Who is the pope's judge in matters of ecclesian jurisdiction?
What is the coat of arms on inside?
What was the custom of a galero?
What do Eastern Catholic cardinals wear?
What is the name of a cardinal's clothing when wearing choir dress?
What happens to the appointment of a cardinal?
During what period were cardinals created by the contending pope?
What was the name of the cardinals who were not yet ordained as deacons or priest?
Who is still entitled to wear and use the episcopal vestments?
What was the order of cardinal deacons until 1917?
What is the role of Cardinal Camerlengo?
Who has the privilege of announcing if he is elected to the Episcopate?
What can be seen at Mass?
How many cardinal deacons were there in 2005?
Who is mainly officials of the Roman Curia?
What do Cardinal deacons derive their name from?
What are the lowest-ranking cardinals?
Who is the cardinal protopriest?
What is the name of the Dean of the College?
What was the status of Eastern Patriarchs in 1965?
What is the most numerous order of cardinals in Catholicism?
What is interpreted as meaning a cardinal who is of the order that priests?
What has the Roman pastoral clergy and roman curia been expanded beyond?
What was the maximum size of the College in 1587?
What are the speakers of Iranian languages known as?
What is the largest number of Iranian languages?
What is the name of a language that descends from the ancestral Proto-Irannian language?
What was introduced in 1836 by Christian Lassen?
What is the common ancestor of Proto-Iranian?
What was the original homeland of common Indo-European?
When did the Old Iranian languages begin to evolve separately?
How many Iranian languages have survived?
Where was Old Persian spoken?
What is the language of Avestan?
What is the prefix for Old Persian?
What is the issue with the introduction of Avestan?
What happened to the two earliest dialectal divisions among Iranian?
What is the possible reconstruction of depalatalized affricates?
What are two possible dialect groups?
What is known in Iranian linguistic history as?
What languages were very close to each other?
What was the official language of Iran?
What was Pahlavi?
What is the name of the script used in modern Persian?
What languages spread through Central Asia?
What is illumination?
What is a key part of interior design?
What is another name for indirect lighting?
What type of light is used to light a room?
What was the discovery of fire?
What two discoveries led to major reductions in the cost of lighting?
What happened to the lighting in developed countries over time?
What types of styles do lighting fixtures come in?
What is the property of a light fixture called?
What is the Kelvin of a theoretical black body emitter that most closely matches the characteristics in the lamp?
What is the classification of lighting?
Who invented track lighting?
What is a torchiere?
What is the most common fixture in many homes and offices?
What was the first popular type of lighting in the 1960s and 1970'?
In a movie theater, what is usually marked with small lights?
What are street lights used for?
What can floodlights be used for during the night?
What type of security lights are used to deter crime?
What is the purpose of entry lights?
What is the name of the rear-facing reversing lamps?
What has the proliferation of lighting technology done to wattage?
What is architectural lighting design?
What does light paint do to a room?
What are layouts often used for?
What is the purpose of stage lighting?
What was used in motion picture and television production?
What is the term used for measuring light?
What is the luminous emittance measured in Lux?
What has been developed to control glare?
What is a measure of the apparent "warmth" or coolness?
What is the CRI used for retail applications?
What does a Dosimeter measure?
What is the name of the personal circadian light meter?
How long can the Daysimeter last?
What would be the standard for meeting rooms and conferences?
What does occupancy control do?
What open standards are used by many newer control systems?
What does occupancy sensors do?
What is the oldest method of interior lighting?
What is becoming increasingly efficient in recent years?
What can increase worker efficiency?
What is influenced by the time and duration of daylight in students' regular schedules?
What was the number of surgical patients surveyed in 1972 and 1981?
What did the researchers ask participants to rate under different lighting conditions?
What was the main advantage of Gesner' kerosene distillation method?
What has been done to reduce electric demand?
What percentage of power do LED lamps use?
What is the cause of excessive light being given off by signs, houses and buildings?
What is the military's view of lighting?
What have made it easier for the military to use a flare?
What is the name of CIE?
What defines the distribution of light released by a specific luminaire?
What is the acronym for IALD?
What is the acronym for Professional Lighting Designers Association?
What organization offers the Lighting Certification Examination?
What is the name of the trade association that represents the technical services sector?
What is the political doctrine of Montesquieu?
Who was one of the foremost supporters?
Who was the leader of the British government?
Who has the sole power to legislate for us?
Where does the Supreme Court have less stringent delegations of its authority?
What did the Supreme Court consider a delegation of authority unconstitutional?
Who has executive power with exceptions?
Who is the president of the United States?
Who has the power to decide cases and controversies?
What does Congress call a court?
What does the president do to veto bills?
What does the president have power to do?
What is the role of president in the US military?
What type of review does the Supreme Court use to check both branches?
What is the Supreme Court regarded as?
What is the only constitutional limit on Congress' power to set jurisdiction of courts?
What does the rules of the Senate generally not give much authority to a Chief Justice?
What does the Constitution indicate about the pre-eminence of any branch?
What has been a see-saw struggle between Congress and the president?
Who was the first president to use veto power as political weapon?
What power did Jackson's successor use intermittently?
What did Johnson's impeachment do to the presidency?
Who attempted to expand the power of the presidency?
Who used national security as a basis for his expansion of power?
What does it mean that powers are shared among different branches?
What is the first view of the Supreme Court?
What is the second view at the State level?
What are architectural works often perceived as?
What is De architectura?
Who elaborates on the ideas of Vitruvius in his treatise, De Re Aerificatoria?
Who wrote Contrast?
Who wrote Seven Lamps of Architecture?
Whose aesthetic was of overriding significance?
Who wrote about the difference between architecture and construction?
What did Vitruvius' "utility" replace?
What are some of the philosophies that have influenced modern architects?
What was the consideration of sustainability introduced in the late 20th century?
What is the most formalized and respected version of building?
What is the term used for architectural success?
What civilizations resorted to monumentality in architecture?
What is one of the early Asian writings on architecture?
What did the architecture of different parts in Asia develop along?
When did Islamic architecture begin?
Who carried architectural knowledge across Europe?
When did the Renaissance begin?
What is the practice of Architecture?
What does architecture do without presuming that it will promote social development?
What is a reactionary way to limit the meaning of formalism?
What did the Classical civilizations use to create their architecture?
What has been written about architecture since?
During what period were craftsmen formed to organize their trades?
What was accompanied by the growth of science and engineering?
What did the architect begin to focus on aesthetics and humanist aspects?
What opened the door for mass production and consumption?
What did house builders do by combining features found in pattern books and architectural journals?
What caused new lines of thought to be a precursor for Modern Architecture?
Who was the founder of modern architecture?
What type of architecture did Frank Lloyd Wright develop?
What new style of architecture was born in the late 20th century?
Who resisted modernism?
What is the name of a reaction to modernism and Brutalism?
What was an important movement in the early reaction against modernism?
Since what time has the field of architecture become multi-disciplinary?
What is becoming a mainstream issue for architects?
What is the name of the movement that promotes a sustainable approach towards construction?
What is a composite statistic of life expectancy, education and income per capita indicators?
What was the IHDI?
Where are the origins of the HDI found?
What is LE?
What is the UNDP's definition of HDI?
When was the 2015 Human Development Report released?
When was the 2014 Human Development Report released?
What is the IHDI?
What is the IHDI?
Why were some countries not included in the 2014 report?
What was released on March 14, 2013?
What is the IHDI?
When was the 2011 HDI calculated?
What group of countries have a missing IHDI?
Why were some countries not included in the 2011 report?
What was released on November 4, 2010?
What was the first report to calculate an IHDI?
What group of countries have a missing IHDI?
Why were the following United Nations Member States not included in the 2010 report?
What was released on October 5, 2009?
Why were some countries not included in the UN?
What was the name of the new index released on December 18, 2008?
Where was the Human Development Report for 2007/2008 launched?
What did the report show in HDI?
What is the category where a low HDI is considered to represent?
What is considered to represent "high development"?
What does the green arrows represent?
How many times has Norway been ranked in the Human Development Index?
What has the Human Development Index been criticized on?
Who discussed the HDI from a perspective of data error?
What did the UNDP HDI for 2009 enumerate?
What are some definitions of Mediterranean Europe?
What are some of the ways that southern Europe can be defined?
What is Southern Europe's most emblematic climate?
Where can cooler climates be found?
What climate regions are found in much of Southern Europe?
What is the period known as?
What empire based on Roman law and legions was founded by the Romans?
During what age did the Eastern Roman Empire survive?
What was the name of the religiously motivated military expeditions?
What was a period of upheval in Europe?
What challenge did the printing press bring to science and religion?
What took place between 1610 and 1700?
Who was the founder of the Columbian Exchange?
What happened between 1815 and the year of independence?
What was the cause of nationalism in Southeastern Europe?
What was the dominant force in Europe?
What did the European Union involve?
What are the most widely spoken family of languages in southern Europe?
What languages are spoken in Greece and Cyprus?
What languages are spoken by millions of people in Southern Europe?
What is used as a second language in parts of Southern Europe?
Where is Maltese spoken?
What was the predominant religion in southern Europe?
What is the purpose of the United Nations Organization's classification?
What does the European Travel Commission do?
What has the BBC produced since 1932?
What is the difference between domestic and foreign TV channels?
What does the BBC operate?
What was the first broadcast of British television?
What did the BBC begin broadcasting from its basement?
When did the BBC resume broadcasts?
What was the main problem with the Baird system?
Who picked up the transmissions in 1938?
What type of broadcasts by John Logie Baird began in 1929?
When was the station taken off air?
How many television sets were made from 1936 to 1939?
What decade did the majority of BBC production move to Lime Grove Studios?
By what year was the country covered by postwar broadcasts?
What was one of Britain's most iconic and beloved television shows?
When was BBC1 renamed?
When did BBC become the first television channel in Europe to broadcast regularly?
What was the name of Tom and Jerry's first show on BBC One?
What did David Attenborough get from his job as Controller?
What other countries have been given more autonomy from the English network?
What is the main focus of BBC Scotland's programming?
What percentage of its output does the BBC have to do?
What was Ceefax?
What did the BBC announce in March 2003?
What was smaller than that of Astra 2A?
What was the anniversary of the first BBC news bulletins?
What was the name of the new group that replaced Jana Bennett?
What did the BBC do in 2008?
What is the most exported BBC television show?
What does the BBC's domestic channels pay for?
What is the role of BBC Television?
What channel did BBC Japan operate from December 2004 to April 2006?
What is the real name of Arnold Schwarzenegger?
What title did Schwarzenegger win in the Mr. Universe?
When was Schwarzenegger elected?
Where was Schwarzenegger born?
What did Schwarzenegger say about his father?
When did Schwarzenegger start weightlifting?
What happened to Schwarzenegger's brother on May 20, 1971?
What did Schwarzenegger tell Fortune about child abuse?
What did Schwarzenegger do in 1965?
What was the name of Schwarzenegger's first title?
What country did Schwarzenegger dream of moving to?
Siskind & Sussen say Schwarzenegger was an illegal immigrant in the late 1960' or early 1970'?
What degree did Schwarzenegger earn from the University of Wisconsin-Superior?
What does Schwarzenegger still do because he doesn't merge and bring things together?
Who is Schwarzenegger's father?
What role did Schwarzenegger take after being elected Governor?
What was one of the first competitions he won?
What does Schwarzenegger say he still works out?
In what year did Schwarzenegger win the Munich stone-lifting contest?
What was Schwarzenegger's first attempt to become the greatest bodybuilder in world?
What was the title Schwarzenegger won in 1975?
Who won the Mr. Olympia contest in 1975?
Who won the Mr. Olympia in 1980?
What did Schwarzenegger admit to using while anabolic steroids were legal?
Who did Schwarzenegger su for libel in 1999?
What type of person did Schwarzenegger have an accent?
What bodybuilding film did Schwarzenegger re-release in 1977?
What was the name of Schwarzenegger's 1982 film Conan?
What was the name of Schwarzenegger's first film?
What was the net worth of Total Recall?
What was his return as the title character in 1991's Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
What award did Schwarzenegger receive for Best Actor – Musical or Comedy?
What did Forum Stadtpark do in 2002?
What film did Schwarzenegger appear in after becoming Governor of California?
What did Schwarzenegger announce he was reading for future films?
What did Schwarzenegger's entertainment counsel say about his movie projects?
What is the name of the actor who was a registered Republican for many years?
When did Schwarzenegger become a Republican?
Who dubbed Schwarzenegger "Conan the Republican"?
What question did Talk magazine ask Schwarzenegger in 1999?
What was the date of his announcement?
What did the recall vote result in?
Who did Schwarzenegger say would start a drive to recall?
Who was Schwarzenegger's opponent?
Who was Schwarzenegger's chief of staff?
What party did Schwarzenegger win re-election in 2006?
What governor was rumored to be considering running for the US Senate in 2010?
What did Wendy Leigh write about Schwarzenegger?
What is Schwarzenegger's citizenship?
What was the reason for Schwarzenegger's endorsement in 2008?
In what year did Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington name Schwarzenegger one of the 11 "worst governor"?
What was the approval rating of Gov. John Flake?
What was the name of the scandal that allegedly occurred during Schwarzenegger's campaign?
How many women claimed Schwarzenegger tried to take off their bathing suit?
What has he admitted to having done?
Who did Anna Richardson sue in 2006?
Who became a naturalized U.S citizen in 1983?
What was the first cap on greenhouse gas emissions?
When did Schwarzenegger sign another executive order?
In recognition of his contribution to the US motor industry, Schwarzenegger was invited for what event?
What former governor of California is considering a run for president?
What was Schwarzenegger's goal setter?
What did Schwarzenegger and Franco Columbu do in 1968?
What did Schwarzenegger do with his bodybuilding competition winnings?
What did he do to the Planet Hollywood chain in 2000?
What sports festival is Schwarzenegger the owner of?
When did Schwarzenegger open a restaurant in Santa Monica?
What was Schwarzenegger's net worth estimated to be in 2011?
Who did Schwarzenegger meet in 1969?
Who did Sue Moray meet in 1977?
Who was the niece of President John F. Kennedy?
Which couple ended their relationship on May 9, 2011?
Who was employed by the Schwarzenegger family for 20 years?
Who will share custody of their two minor children?
What actress stated that she too had an affair with Schwarzenegger while he was in relationship?
What is a bicuspid valve?
What happened to Schwarzenegger's motorcycle in 2006?
What did Schwarzenegger do when he fell over his ski pole?
What caused Schwarzenegger's private jet to make an emergency landing at Van Nuy?
What was Schwarzenegger's official height?
What was released in 2012?
Who was the first civilian to purchase a Humvee?
When was the Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse first spotted?
What campaign did Schwarzenegger announce he would convert one of his Hummers to burn hydrogen?
What role did Arnold Schwarzenegger play in the Special Olympics?
Who founded the Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy?
What is the name of Plymouth on Devon's coast?
Where did the first settlement of Plymouth emerge?
When did the county borough of Plymouth, Devonport and East Stonehouse merge?
What is the population of Plymouth?
What Upper Palaeolithic deposits have been found in local caves?
What caused the settlement of Plympton to settle at Barbican?
What was constructed in the late 15th century?
What was the main export commodity of the 16th century?
What side did Plymouth take during the English Civil War?
During what century did Plymouth lose its pre-eminence as an trading port?
When was HMNB Devonport built?
What was the main employer in Plymouth before 18th century?
What was the name of the local chemist who started his Plymouth Porcelain venture in 1768?
Who designed the 1-mile-long (2 km) breakwater in Plymouth Sound?
What countries were the biggest imports to Plymouth?
What was the port of entry for many troops during the first world war?
What was the name of the city that was heavily bombed by Luftwaffe during World War I?
What was the name of Sir Patrick Abercrombie's 1943 plan for Plymouth?
What was the reason for the removal of barracks in the 1960'?
What was the Domesday Book in 1086?
Who was elected to be the first female member of parliament in Britain?
What was the name of the Labour MP who was born in Plymouth Devonport?
What was the name of the paper that proposed county boroughs?
In the Parliament of the UK, what three constituencies were returned to Conservative MPs?
How many people were on the Plymouth City Council in April 2015?
What is the traditional position of Lord Mayor in Plymouth?
What is the address of 3 Elliot Terrace?
What was the name of the once independent towns Plympton and Phymstock?
What river flows off Dartmoor to the north-east?
What is the geology of Plymouth Sound?
What is the name of a band that runs from Cremyll to Plymstock?
What was the name of Sir Patrick Abercrombie's plan for Plymouth?
Along with what other part of England, Plymouth has a temperate oceanic climate?
What is the average annual rainfall in the south-west?
What is the average annual amount of sunshine in South West England?
What is the hottest day of the year?
What is the UK's largest university?
What is the name of the university that specialises in teacher training?
What is the city of Plymouth?
What is the number of state secondary schools in Plymouth?
What was the name of the engineering college in Southampton?
What is the name of the MBA?
What was the population of Plymouth's unitary authority area in 2011?
What is the size of Plymouth's economy?
What did the National Health Service report in 2014?
What is the main economic activity of Plymouth?
What is the UK's only naval base that refits nuclear submarine?
What type of shopping area is in the city centre?
What is the name of a project that Plymouth Council is currently undertaking?
When did the Charles Cross car park and shopping centre close?
What is the current location of Bretonside bus station?
What is the name of Plymouth's dual carriageway?
What is the name of Brittany Ferries?
What was the name of Plymouth's airport?
What year did Plymouth's railway station open?
What is proposed to be reopened for a through service?
What is the oldest church in Plymouth?
What is the first known reference to Jews in Plymouth?
How many people described themselves as being at least nominally Christian?
What was the heart of Plymouth's historical culture?
What is one of the outdoor events held in August?
What is the Theatre Royal?
What is the name of BBC South West?
What football team is located in Plymouth?
What rugby union club is based in Plymouth?
What is the main focus of Plymouth's water activities?
What company has supplied the water to Plymouth since 1973?
What is the source of Plymouth's electricity?
What are the fire stations located in Camel's Head?
How far from the city centre is Derriford Hospital?
What cemeteries are at Weston Mill and Efford?
When was the Royal Citadel built?
What is the name of the port settlement in Plymouth?
What is the name of the fort on the northern outskirts?
What is the name of the trail that has been introduced as part Devonport's millennium regeneration project?
What is the main reason why visitors to Dartmoor, Tamar Valley and south-east Cornwall visit Plymouth?
What is the name of the building that houses the University's Arts faculty?
What are people from Plymouth known as?
Who was the mayor of Plymouth?
Who painted the culture of Plymouth?
Who was born in Plymouth?
